so so Thank you. I'm not a fool Thank you. so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey! What? Let's go! This show stinks and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this massive overreaction Monday, May 6, 2024, this sports program starts now. Sports! We're awesome this weekend. We had three game sevens, two in the NHL, one in the NBA, four series ended. Another couple series started in round two. I mean, we are kicking off a magical time of sport. There was the greatest roast of all time last night that we're certainly going to talk about. Who were the big winners we saw from the evening in which we saw comedy happen that we haven't seen in years? Legitimately, the greatest roast of all time might have been something that changes the trajectory of entertainment going forward. I thought there was a chance it was going to suck, especially whenever you got football guys going up trying to do comedy. I thought maybe there was a time coming where the football players were going to get exposed for not having personalities, not being charming, not having timing or delivery or chops, especially with the group of comedians they were going against, who are absolute savages. The football guys held up their end of the bargain. What a night last night. Big shout out to Tom Brady for doing that, obviously. Jeff Ross, piecing the whole thing together. Kevin Hart, great host. I mean, you have one of the biggest stars on earth hosting an event like that alongside all the other talent. He's a fantastic move. Nikki Glaser, big winner. Crush. Big winner. Andrew Schultz, yup. Born for that. Sells out Madison Square Garden back-to-back nights. Has 50 Cent come out and perform one of the nights? I couldn't even fathom what that place was like. And then he flies to L.A. to the Forum, sits on a dais, watches everybody else do his thing, knowing that when he gets up there, he is about to just crush his entire... Every other sentence was a murder of somebody for Andrew Schultz. It was beautiful. his fan last night, Jeff Ross. They kept saying, hey Jeff, you better hope these roasts continue or you'll kind of fade into irrelevance. Who cares? He is fantastic. We need to keep these roasts going so we see more of Jeff Ross. Thinner? They're saying. Yeah, good. Looks good. Tony Hinchcliffe killed Tony. I've seen him on Instagram. I've met him at a wrestling event or two. I don't think I've ever seen him fully work. Brilliant absolute mastermind and then you think about tom brady and you think about robert kraft and you think about peyton manning and you think about bill belichick and then you think about ben affleck you're like which one's gonna be the worst it's ben affleck i don't know yeah it's pretty good no questions asked no questions as this guy was the worst they should have said hey you're like one of the greatest thespians of all time why don't you you act like a comedian for a night? He refused to do that. He wanted to tell a little bit of a story going through Tom Brady's social media, which is certainly fascinating, but it was great to see Ben Affleck. We love seeing him. Big fans of him. But if you think people that sucked last night, everybody's just pointing at great sports. Unreal. We'll be playing some clips throughout the show today. I assume we'll get a cease and desist and probably soon piss people off. But it's worthy of being heard because it's sports related. That's right. And who would we be as journalists if we didn't showcase It was obviously going against Game 7 between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Dallas Stars in Texas hockey. Congratulations. Congratulations. Last night was a big two TV night or at least one in the phone. And Netflix's greatest roast of all time was The Sound. And I loved watching that Game 7. Let's get to the toxic table at Boston Corner. And that's Ty Schmidt. Massive weekend, obviously, for sports. The Boston Bruins put away the Maple Leafs. Boston con man, I know that you were eager to see that series potentially end one way or another because the way Toronto flipped the tide on its head to get this entire thing. That's hilarious. Now, Biz owes you 20 public push-ups. And Swayman, the goalie for the Boston Bruins, who led them to victory. Had a 95% save rate, I think, throughout the entire series, which is like the second highest of all time in Boston Bruins history. He was one of the original six teams, obviously. He'll be joining us at 1.30 Eastern time. But Conman, you had to be pumped to see the Bruins somehow get out of there with a big win after an injury to a goalie that nobody could have expected. Yeah, that was incredible news coming through the wire on Saturday. I mean, we all saw Bish in his pants when they realized, you know, Samsonov was going to be between the pipes instead of wool. I'm glad you guys could pull up the old photo of me when I played for the Junior Bruins. That's very nice. But the guy you had on there. Same hair, same hair. Old photo. Old photo. I came out of the womb with a mustache, people said. But Hampus Lindholm right there. That number two had the tying goal in regulation. Hompus, the hopper Lindholm cleaning up the dirty laundry all night. I mean, the other thing that isn't on there is that Posta's goal basically was the hopper's goal. I don't know how they know where the puck's going when they're just throwing it off the board. This is the goal that you're speaking of. Yeah, but here it is. Hompus tosses it down off the board. What a pass. In overtime, game seven. Even O's the mentalist says this is going to seven. It's going to overtime. And the Maple Leafs are going to win it. Posta says, I don't think so. O's. Maybe the first time he's been wrong that we've seen. That guy is an actual demon, but to your point here, perfect pass off the boards to play at the pasta. The touch is silly because the weight on that has to be proper as well. Too hard dies on the board. Too soft doesn't make it all the way back. Perfect pace. That thing makes it to pasta in stride so that he can... Dangles. I mean, you mentioned O's. I forgot. What a bitch. You know what I mean? O's the mentalist. Hey, O's, if you're listening, you're a bitch dog for picking the Toronto Maple Leafs. You were wrong the whole way. Your mentalist shit's bullshit. But now... I would like to correct that statement. When it comes to sports, when it comes to predicting Game 7's O's, your shit is bullshit. Between Game 7's Oates. You're shitting bolts between Boston and Toronto. Bingo. Now Oates knows he's never been against the Bees when they're playing the Leafs, especially in a Game 7, especially in the playoffs. But as much as I'd like to enjoy this, I've got to set my sights on this other bitch, Darius Butler. This guy was in the pit crew this weekend. Exactly. He's got his head in the pit crew. I've been on the ice for the last 48 hours living and dying with the Bruins, and this guy's out here playing hanky-panky with a bunch of F1 racers. You're talking about G1 Lando Norris? Yeah, yeah, sure. Lando. Yeah, cool. Sweet Jackie. You look like an asshole. No, you look, to be clear, you look really good. Yeah, it's a great jacket. I disagree. It fits you pretty fantastically. And it looks like you were in the pit for the G1 race alongside Lando Norris, who gets his first win in 110 starts. Wow. First win in 110 starts. Great job, Lando. First human other than Vanderstoppen to win a United States race. He had won six straight before Lando gets a big-time dub here. And you've been rocking with him this entire time, haven't you? You know, I'm a little – I've got a few teams. Always. A few drivers I root for. Lando's been my – That's called hedging and everything else. But in sports, it's frowned upon. It's sports. It's sports. And it's a new sport for me. I got into it. So, you know, I your first team to kind of take me in, kind of show me the ropes of the sports. You guys remember. But great job for Orlando. Max had won the previous two Miami Grand Prixs. Not today. So, Orlando. Hey, look, look. Hard Rock Stadium. Play a hockey game. This asshole talked. He's taking a victory lap. He's in victory lane. Listen, guys. I'm serious. The Panthers have been on for a week. We're fresh. We're rested. We were enjoying it. Obviously, heat got there. They said Kachuk was down there at that Grand Prix. He said he was shaking hands with Patrick Mahomes, Joe Burrow. That's what Kachuk was doing yesterday. He was down. Not a worry in the world. And McLaren, it was some other figures in there that had to. Hulkster was down there. Hulkster was down there. It was a good vibe. Good vibes down there. Miami Grand Prix. But yeah, it was awesome. Yeah, your guy was out there. What do you mean your guy? What do you mean your guy? Why didn't you talk to him? There was a USA chant. You know, at one of those G1 events. I didn't even know that was possible. I didn't know that even existed in those types of races, but I would like to say I forget what I was watching. Something else. It ended, and I got two minutes. It was the basketball. Cavs-Orlando. That was the first game for that series on ESPN, or because they've been on NBA TV. Yeah, that's the first time I knew that. I didn't know they were. Yeah, I think they were on Spike. I think they played on Spike TV. So I was watching that game. Spidey goes bananas. We'll talk to Steven Jackson here in a matter of moments about the NBA playoffs as a whole and why we didn't even know that series was taking place. That seems like that's on us. But I caught two minutes of that G1 race, the beginning of it. Somebody was walking down, I think, where all the cars were, whatever you guys, the grid. I don't know if you know what it's called, G1. Well, it's called that in actual racing. Yeah, you're full of shit. I think you're kind of dialed in. Well, I know. I'm in Indianapolis. Yeah, you're kind of dialed in. The Indy 500 happens here. Real racing. Wow. You're real racing. Everybody But anyways, good vibes. It looked like a good environment, everything like that. I'm happy to hear it. South Florida, though, now has the Florida Panthers having to take on the Bruins tonight. And Darius and one half of the Hammer died. Cowboys turned digs. Obviously, I would like you all to chime in on this. Feels like Conor's scared of the Panthers. Hey, feeling the vibes for the last few hours in here. Even back in the think tank, He was quiet. He was dialed in. He checked on him a couple times. I knew what it was. Talked a little shit before him. But yeah, he's... Look, I hope that pasta jersey stays up there for the rest of time because we know who put it up there. And we know Chucky and the boys plan to keep it up there. Well, Chucky and the boys have had a week off down at the Panthers. For those that don't know, that pasta jersey left screen there, right in front of Cousy to Buffalo, which is actually a Bison. Probably changed the name. Thing's been with us the whole time. Very rarely look at it, acknowledge it, or see it, but it's been here. Serves a purpose. Thank you, Bison. Anyways, right in front of the Bison is Posta. That's a Posta jersey because that is, to remember forever, the greatest regular season in the history of the NHL, which is what the Boston Bruins had last year. Greatest team ever. Ever. When they talk about teams losing like eight games or seven games or whatever it is in the NBA, this team might be able to go get it. The Golden State Warriors a few years back, they were talking about they might go. The Boston Bruins did that in the NHL's history. Greatest regular season. And And first series, literally first round to the Florida Panthers coming in town and beat them. So we had to commemorate the best regular season. But it does feel like you are sensing maybe these Florida Panthers do it again to your team. No, not at all. I mean, this is the entire reason I was quiet, so I didn't have to hear this bullshit the entire morning. Okay, this is why I didn't say a word. And yeah, sure, it's a bummer that this happened last year. And what was the conversation before the show today? Hey, you want to take that down? Yeah, because we got past the first round. And what did I say? No. Because Posta actually won the series. Yeah, and what did I say? No, because it's not about winning the first round. Sometimes it is about losing the first round, okay? And we can understand that's exactly what last year was about. That is why not finished. And yeah, there has been a nice little week off for the Florida Panthers. But a lot of times in hockey, that might not be a good thing. Especially for goalies. Not saying anything about Bobo. Especially when you've got two good goalies that might help the team go seven games. So we'll see what happens. We'll see. But I love the spot we're in because you guys are just fueling the fire. I'm a Bruins fan. He's worried. Oh, it doesn't sound like it. It doesn't sound like it. Well, remember, I was on the Bruins because Patty Maroon just answered a call mid-show from the change room. Of course. From the change room or whatever the hell they call it in hockey. But then Kachuk came on. I'm like, oh, I like this guy. Marci came on, too. Yeah, but he's a rat. Panthers are the program. team. Cannot wait to watch the series. But that happens tonight. So what happened on Saturday? Who cares? We just knocked out the Toronto Maple Leafs who were down 3-1. They tie it. Almost lose. Marshawn said all they had to do was be Leaf, which I like. There's a little Moxie coming from the Bruins. We've got a great series starting this evening. Now, obviously, the other one was Vegas and Dallas last night. The Vegas Golden Knights have been good to us. The Vegas Golden Knights have been great champions of the NHL. They've represented in a fantastic fashion for a city that had a team just within the last decade brought to it. They win a cup for them. They win Lordo for them. It's fantastic. But they ran into a Texas hockey team that was a buzzsaw. They ran into a Texas hockey team that had a shit ton of talent. They ran into a Texas hockey team that not only goes up 1-0 and then Vegas ties it up, but they ran into a team that has gone a lot more. And there was people saying that that environment sucked and maybe that place shouldn't be the home of a Stanley Cup playoff game. And those people that are saying that were completely wrong because Dallas Stars fans were rowdy. They were loud. And whenever push came to shove in Game 7, the Dallas Stars knocked off the Stanley Cup champions. Old school, classic, kick, standard backhand, top chad, Aiden Hill, you paying attention? Uh-uh. 2-1. That would be the winner. Now, what everybody's talking about with this particular game is maybe that the Vegas Golden Knights blew a couple wide-open opportunities. And they can't be doing that as Stanley Cup champs, especially in Game 7. Especially whenever the result of it is not only, ooh, a miss, but it goes back the other way, and the Stars score off of it. And then whenever Jackie Aces has one later in the game, he misses as well. And there's so many opportunities right there. Marcy. Marcy. Marcy's hole. That was it right there. Had no opportunity. Oh. Oh. Off the post. The Dallas Stars would go to score the other way. KG Affair, Ty, The Dallas Stars would go to score the other way. KG Affair, Ty, your Vegas Golden Knights are now officially out of the running to go back-to-back like the Penguins did in the past and a couple other teams have. How do you feel about the series? How do you feel about the Vegas Golden Knights, Paul? Yeah, I mean, it absolutely stunk. But like you said. That's filthy right there. Yeah, and a lot of people say, hey, Jackie Aces got to bury this. And he'd tell you that he has to bury it as well. But he was the straw that stirred the drink for the Golden Knights offense. And also it was his move that made it. Exactly. He created the – Yeah, he's unbelievable. It was one of those things where just, you know, hot start, get out 2-0, it was just too little too late. They didn't have the magic last night. You knew if if he would have scored that goal and that was at the very end of the second period, if they're up to one going into the third period and Dallas has to kind of play behind from a little bit, it maybe changes things a little bit. Cause Otter was just standing on his head the entire series, just so tough. But then third period starts cagey affair. Like you mentioned, Dallas scores 19 seconds in, you kind of knew it was going to be a little, a little bit of an uphill battle. But I'm glad that – I mean, I know how bad Gumpy wanted this. I mean, he wanted this more than he needed air to breathe. So Connor's got a team in it still. I'm glad that these guys are going to be able to – hopefully one of them will be able to experience a Stanley Cup on this show because it's a special, special treat. And I'm just – I'm proud of the boys. I'm excited for next season. Hey, way to go, Golden Knights. You're good champions. That's right. One half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys, Gumpy, living in La La Land, pal, with Texas hockey moving on. Good for you. We answered the bell this time. Years pass. We go down a goal or two. We wouldn't bounce back like we did. And this series. Unbelievable to watch. Hey, congrats to Texas Hockey. Good barn! Loud barn. That was a good barn. Nobody was expecting that. That was a good barn down there. The other game from the NHL this weekend was the Rangers beating the Hurricanes 4-3 in New York. Canes, remember, odds on favor to win the Cup. So that's a massive win, and I believe Rempe got sent to the penalty box within six seconds of him being on the ice. It was a beautiful thing. Rangers are up 1-0 in that particular series. And then in the NBA, the Timberwolves knock off the Nuggets in Denver with Ant-Man solidifying his stardom at 22 years old going bonkers. The Clippers lose to the Mavs who clinched the series in a 1-14, 1-0-1 win. And then Game 7 in a series that we had no idea was happening. 100% on us. 100% on us. It is actually on us. I don't believe it. It wasn't on TV. We're not the ones telling them, hey, put this where no one will see it. Yeah, let's play at 11 a.m. on a Tuesday. Anyways, joining us to chit-chat about the Cavs, who win that one, become the first team in the history of Game 7s to be down 10 at half and then go on to win by 10 in Game 7s, the Cleveland Cavaliers. Ladies and gentlemen, host of all the smoke, 15-year NBA vet, G in the term, that means great human being, Stephen Jackson. Stack, what up? What's up, bro? Hey, thank you. How you doing? Hey, I'm great. How Hey, thank you. How you doing? Hey, I'm great. How are you? Thank you so much for joining us, my man. I'm good, my brother. You know anything for you. That's very kind of you. I know you have a lot of other shit going on today. So thank you for making some time. Let's chit chat about this Cavs team. Now, obviously, game seven takes place. Spider goes for like 50 in game six loss. six loss then he goes for 39 in game seven kind of carries the Cavaliers to a massive win we had no idea this was happening does this Cavs team have a chance stack is this a team that we think is going to be able to do a little something against the Celtics or what are some what are some thoughts on his team for somebody that maybe hasn't seen them until literally yesterday yeah I mean Donovan Mitchell is a star everybody knows knows that he was a star in Utah where he played. You know, this guy can score and get downhill like nobody else, and he's very athletic. But for me, I posted this on my page. This was the worst defensive game I've ever seen in my life. It looked like an over-glorified L.A. fitness game besides Donovan Mitchell and Paulo Banqueiro. I mean, it was just let me score, let you score. Like, it was crazy. I really did enjoy the game. I love watching Donovan Mitchell play, but I didn't care who made it out of the series because I know they're going home next round regardless. Okay, so let's talk about that. The Celtics are just a lock here to at least make it to the conference finals. That's seemingly how Boston Connor feels about this particular team. Yeah, I mean, if Boston loses this series, I think Tatum and Brown both end up hurt. There's no way they lose this series. This team is put in position to be Eastern Conference champions and they play to get to finals. They haven't had a lot of success the last couple years. So losing in the second round to Minnesota, I mean, excuse me, to Cleveland would definitely be a letdown for them. It'll be a letdown season. And that's the furthest thing that's going to happen with Boston. They got those thugs on their team. They're trying to win this championship, and they focused on that. So they're not going to stop the second round. Brad Stevens got executive of the year. Missoula is over in Boston. Tatum, obviously, going bananas. Porzingis, is he playing? He's got the soleus. The soleus issue. Yeah. I don't know how you big, tall... I almost said the... I don't know how you big, tall folks don't have more of those injuries. Honestly. Those ligaments and everything, and the tendons, I don't know how more injuries don't like wemby i don't know how his ligaments work i don't even know how they're able to be that big that strong that fast let's not talk about wemby there will be a lot of time to talk about him in the future connor has a question for you stack yeah obviously the clippers once again kind of fell short and it feels like every year we're going to do this with kawaii and paul george and then when the playoffs come around, unfortunately. It seems like Kawhi will play a game and then get hurt again. What do you think is going to happen with them? Do you think they blow it up? And do you think there's any chance that the Lakers can poach Ty Lue from the Clippers to go over and coach LeBron? You know what? I just said this on our show. I totally agree with you. You blow it all up. This is the perfect year to blow it all up. You're going into a new arena. Paul can opt out. James is a free agent. You can unload those guys. Paul can go somewhere else. Tyloo is a free agent as coach. He might be able to sign somewhere else. You can break this team up, start going into a new arena, and even try to help get Kawhi off. But the way this team is going with guys not being able to play, you don't know what roster you this team don't even have an identity because you don't know who's going to be on the court so at this point like i said going into a new arena we're having guys so many guys dealing with contract issues right now i think it's the perfect time to blow it up you got a few young guys that you can keep on your team that could be great pieces going forward but to me i think they blow it up i don't think it goes no further than where it went so far. So to describe this era for the Clippers, obviously we got Ballmer building an arena with the most amount of toilets in the history of the NBA. And obviously him grabbing thighs in press conferences. But will it be remembered as just like health? Is nobody playing together? Is that how it'll be talked about? And why it didn't work, you think? Yeah, I mean, you know, I mean, it just seems like he's more worried about building the arena and being the shit instead of being instead of being the shit on the court i mean that's just how i look at it i mean no way you should be worried about that arena and all those things when your team is in shambles right now you know um there's no there's no way they can get back or even get to the championship level with this team right now. The identity is fractured and there's no way you can repair it. Is it because they're all hurt? Is that why? Is it just like timing of the injuries? Why do you think the team is the way it is? Because I remember how hyped I was. Kawhi, Paul George, LA, here we go. We got a potential huge deal happening for these Clippers fans and then now it just doesn't work. And anytime I turn it on, it feels like one or all are not playing. Is that just how you get it? It sucks, Pat. No identity. Like, you play. How long does it take a team to have an identity? It don't take three, four years to find an identity. If you ain't find no identity at this point, you won't. Yeah, agreed. Well, good luck rebuilding that over there. Good luck. Good luck rebuilding. Hey, the West is easy, you know. The West is easy, too. You got a lot of toilets. Go ahead, Ty. With the way that Minnesota has been playing this whole year, and especially in the playoffs, a lot of people are talking about Ant, and then the comparison with young Jordan has come up with some people saying, hey, that's ridiculous, don't go there. And then some people say, well, actually, if you look at him, he's more polished than Jordan was when he was this young. Do you think that's a fair comparison saying, hey, this guy plays like Jordan? Or is that mostly just kind of his demeanor and the way he approaches the game? It's definitely his demeanor and the way he approaches the game. We've seen when Kobe was the face of the league, when he was a star, how he played on both ends of the court. Now in the game, you have so many guys that are good at one thing, that are specialists. One guy's good at shooting. One guy's good at rebounding. One guy's good at setting screens. One guy's good at passing. Ant is the star that we want to see because we've seen kobe go out and score 40 points and that the game take challenges go guard the best player you want to see that from the face of the league you want to see that from the guy just to start playing the league and he's playing on both ends of the floor and that's the basketball we all love the best we didn't love basketball was just a high scoring game you compete on both ends of the court and when the best guy that's playing the best guy in the league is playing that way it's very exciting so it's all comparison to jordan and kobe i don't think it's for his uh is the game wise yeah we all shoot fadeaways and they might look the same but the way his approach to the game is definitely kobe and jordan s yeah i like his his mentality it's just like anybody can get it obviously we talked about john morant with that whenever he was dunking on everybody. But Anthony, it feels like in any sport, anytime, anybody can get it. And it's that type of mentality that I think a lot of us other athletes respect and appreciate. Which is why Kevin Durant laughing while he's doing it. Because it's like, yeah, sports needs guys like this to continue to exist, I think personally. Now, I think Darius is going to ask you a question about defense here in a second, but for me, Joker's going to be able to figure out this team. Denver's going to be able to figure them out. Is that what we assume is going to take place? Well, I'm never counting the Joker out. I'm never counting the Joker out. He's figured everybody out up until this point. They ought to defend the champions, and I think Coach Malone is great at making adjustments. But Joker is still the guy. He's going to figure Rudy Gobert out. He's going to figure that offense out. I think this game is definitely going seven. But Joker is definitely going to come back the next game and make a statement on it. That's what I feel like whenever you watch it. Because remember, we're just introducing them in the playoffs because they were never on TV in the West before because there's so many. The Clippers are one of the storylines. Golden State, L.A., let alone everything else happening like Phoenix was cooking. It's like the Nuggets were never on TV for us over here in Indiana or even East. So once we learn about them in the playoffs, it's like, oh, this team is like, they're like a high school college team seemingly, and they can figure it out. Excited to watch. Speaking of defense inside the ball, D-Bot's got a question for you, Stat. Yeah, Stat, you kind of mentioned as soon as you jumped on, defense. And, like, you've been one of those guys who was a pillar on that defense side of the ball. You know, it takes a lot of communication, just like in football. Who is that best team right now left in the playoffs on the defensive end that you think can carry There's no question Minnesota They be one of the best all year They got guys that take pride in When you have a team When you have three or four guys on the court You got Rudy Gobert He takes pride in it because he wanted to be defensive player of the year He's the anchor of that defense We just talked about Anthony Edwards He takes pride not only scoring 40 points But he's going to want to go out the best player in the game Then you got all the young guys that's coming off the bench. They're slowly coming into the game. Nas Reed, sixth man of the year. You got all these guys that's coming in. They're slowly bringing that energy on the defensive end and it's making them successful on offense. But this team, this Minnesota team, is definitely the best defensive team right now in the league. If Ant wins one. Oh, that'd be early. Could That'll be scary He's 22 Think about the amount of money Because he's a great actor Great We've already seen that Hustle He was phenomenal I don't even think I knew who he was And then I watched the movie I'm like this guy's an actual player Because he was better than Bo Cruz I love to put shit talker Big shit talker I like his mocks That's great. Because he was better than Bo Cruz. Yeah, the Bo Cruz. Yeah. I love the big shit talker. Yes. Big shit talker. Yeah, I like his mocks. Yeah. Yeah. What's it called? A competitive juice or something is how some people try to describe it. It's like he's a dog. Yes. And it's 2024. Point blank. Point blank. Yeah. In this world of like hey we're friends we play video games at night together we don't really do anything it's like ann edwards lives like it's 1999 and uh hey pat you pat you got you got dogs then you got dogs off the leash anthony edwards is a dog off the leash mike tyson was a dog off the leash yes yeah and adam silver is like hey can we at least have some sort of pen yeah you pen that we're running in? Can we say it? The last question here, Tone, has for you, Stack. Yeah, obviously the biggest story off the court with teams that are not left in the playoff is the Lakers' head coaching job. What do you think about that? Do you think there's a best fit as far as LeBron at this point in his career and who fits with him? Because, I mean, at this point in his career and who fits with him? Because, I mean, at this point, there's two years left. I know he's looking for another ring. Is there a fit that you think is best? I actually don't, man. I mean, LeBron has done everything he can do as a basketball player. You know, everybody has respect for LeBron. I just don't like how the blame always ends up on the coach. How many coaches has he asked if he's been there? You know what I mean? With one championship. Like, when I was in the league, the star players always took the blame when we lost or when we get knocked out of the playoffs. Just as much as they take the credit when we win championships and when we knock teams off. So, it shouldn't be no different here. You know what I mean? How many times are you going to blame the coach for the team's not having success. AD had a great playoffs, but he didn't show up in the fourth quarter in the clutch minutes. You know what I'm saying? Braun made some bad plays in the clutch minutes. The star players have to take the same blame as the credit they take when they win. I don't put the blame on Coach Hamm. I think he did a great job. I think he did a great job of what he was dealing with. But at the same time, anybody that goes into that situation with Braun, whatever coach, is going to be in a situation where they're probably 75%, 50% in control because, as you see, he's going to have his imprint on the team and it has been working. So what coach can actually come in there and make it be different? Yeah, there's videos being released of him grabbing the dry erase board during timeouts too. Yeah, you can't do that. I mean, if it's J.J. Hey, if it's J.J. Redick, they're doing that for podcasts right now. They're practicing. I don't know who it's going to be, but if you don't win with LeBron, you're gone. That seemingly. Or even if you do. That's what it is. Yeah. Hey, Frankie Vogel won that in that bubble. He got sent out. Speaking of winning, I just want to let you know, I see your jersey and your hat. It's the Fevers era, brother. The Fevers, no. You know what? I'm with you. I'm just wearing, I'm buying all the WNBA jerseys for all teams. I'm not supporting that one team. I'm supporting all of them. I got to get one of those you got on too. Hey, us? Hey, we are as well. We're season ticket holders. We're getting involved. We think it's a great sport, honestly. And here in Indiana, what Kaitlin Clark is going to do for the local community is huge. She already lightened them up. Yes. Yeah. It's step backs, fate. I mean... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's going to work. I think it's going to work. Alright, Stack. We's the boxing podcast that you're doing? Fight Towns is back. All the Smoke Productions. Fight Towns. DraftKings Network. Hell yeah. Well, we appreciate it. Can't wait to listen. Ladies and gentlemen, Stephen Jackson. Thank you. That's NBA champ right there. Hell yeah. NBA champ right there. I've known him since back in Indiana, obviously, when he had a lot of ties here for a while. He got involved in that. They fought. Oh, yeah, he was there. Yeah. The malice. Yeah. But, like, people in Indiana love him. And if you listen to his side of it, it's like one of my guys, and it's just like that's who I am. And obviously he went through a lot after that, tried to learn a lot about life and everything. And always been good to me. He has always been very good to me, including in clubs back in the day. Potentially was the only human that looked like me in some places. He was always great to me. And I like what he said there about supporting all the W teams. Yeah, let's grow this league. 78,000 bucks. Not bad. That's the salary. That's the salary. That's the rookie. That's what Kaitlin Clark's getting paid. It's like that needs to, especially in the world of sport, you know, like in the world of sport, especially whenever we have some of these nights where there isn't a good game on, it's like this is a good product. This is a good sport. Yeah, let's go ahead and make sure we have stuff to watch that's incredible every single night and what caitlin clark is already doing i hate to break it to you aces listen we're fans of the aces of course kelsey plumb friend of the program yeah friend of the program big fan yes all the they got stars over there in championships age wilson there's a little agent best in the league yeah absolutely best in the league for now for now There's a problem in Indiana, okay? And what was going on in college seemingly is about to happen again. And I know that not the greatest defender maybe in the entire league was Gardner, but there's a blender happening when 22 has the rock so far. Now, everybody's saying, well, we'll see whenever she plays. Well, she's only going to get better too. So, like, there's a little pocket pass. Boom. I think she's going to be great. Oh, yeah. No doubt. I think she's going to be, like, really good. Yeah. And everything we've been – could you imagine? We have a parade downtown. Oh, God. Because of the fever. Now, the Colts obviously knocking knocking on, knocking on, knocking on heaven's door when it comes to Lombos. Yeah, you know what I mean? AR5. Gardner Minshew got us to the playoffs last year. Now, guy didn't catch the ball, doesn't score, so we don't actually make it, but he was there. We have that whole thing happen. Pacers. Tyrese Halliburton, they're going to knock off the stupid knickerbockers. I'm going to tell you that right now. The Knicks are done because the Hicks are coming to town and about to wipe the floor. We're talking Indianapolis being known as parade town for maybe the next 10 years with what we have going on in basketball and football. And, Bruce, I know you're all zeked up about this Knicks team. Big body Benson's going to whatever. Tyrese Halliburton's about to go bananas. No, no, no. Yeah, parades are coming to Indy, pal. No, no, no. Halliburton's going to jail tonight. You know, he might get his 18, but he's not going to get his 10 assists. What does that mean? What'd he do? Fired up for OG Ananobi on Pascal Siakam as well. That'll be a great matchup. But, yeah, it should be a fun series. Defense versus offense. Rebounding versus, you know, showy assists. They're not getting – Tyrese Halliburton's not getting locked up tonight. Showy assists? What's that supposed to mean? Yeah, what he's trying to do right now is deflect. He's going to look one way Rangers Knicks every other night. Just like Boston has Bruins Celtics every other night. Next week. Two very easy to deal with cities of sports fans have both playoffs right now seemingly just on the ropes. That's great for all of us, isn't it, Connor? I mean, it's fantastic, especially when you look at those NBA championship odds. I have not seen this until right now if you're not betting on the nuggets or timberwolves you're an asshole but that's just me yeah it's a wonderful time of year this is for a celtics fan of course but even just as a sports fan being able to watch meaningful playoff basketball playoff hockey now that we're past this first round it really does kind of get to a different stratosphere when it comes to playoff hockey now that we're past this first round. It really does kind of get to a different stratosphere when it comes to playoff sports. Hell yeah. We'll continue to talk about the playoffs for the next hour or so. Jeremy Swayman, goalie for the Boston Bruins. Hell yeah. Bruins! Nice. That was pretty good. There it is. Thank you. That's real talent. Thank you. I appreciate that. Puck saving Swayman. Bars. Wow. 95% save percentage. That's pretty good. 145 shots he's seen. You do some quick math with a calculator, you can figure out how many saves he had. Six games played, four wins. What a stud. What an athlete. Join Timmy Thomas. You hear that same legend, Timmy Thomas, that's good stuff. Yeah, Timmy Thomas is beloved in New England, just like Swayman. Just real quick, Swayman, too, last series with the... playing for... Bruins! In the middle of the Maple Leafs series, he said, yeah, I'm seeing the puck good. I would like to keep playing. And then he went on to do just that. Can't wait to see his Moxie 130 Eastern time. Let's talk about some stuff happening in our sport, in the NFL. J.J. Watt says he could possibly play. I'm about sick of this. Whoa. Bingo. I'm about sick of this. Okay, we love J.J. Watt. Love him. We got a Dick's House of Sports just to pay homage to J. Watt. We watch Burnley games even though sometimes a bit boring to support J. J. Watt. We love J. J. Watt. But this was an entire storyline last year. He even went down to Houston, was working out in the Houston Texans facility. It's like, wait a minute. Is he going to sign? And then he would say things like, you know, if a team that I had a connection to had an actual playoff run and they needed somebody. I would certainly be available. They needed somebody. They had an actual playoff run, won a playoff game. It didn't happen. Then we see him doing some sprints in a park. Just wait a minute. He's still working out every single day as if he's in the league. He's a true psycho, this guy. But now he came out and says this at a softball game, which raised even more money for Houston. The more money for Houston. The guy is one of the biggest philanthropists in the history of the United States of America. Here's him talking to the media about maybe a future with the Houston Texans. How do you resist, JJ, all of the names that you listed? And D'Amico, obviously you know D'Amico, haven't played with him. How do you, with the competitor in you, not being that far removed from playing? How do you resist the temptation? Good chuckle, good hat. I mean, I'm a very fortunate, lucky man. I got a beautiful wife. I got a beautiful son. I had 12 great years in this league. And I'm very thankful to have walked away healthy and playing great. I mean, I told D'Amico last year, I said, don't call unless you absolutely need it. But if you ever do call, I'll be there. He knows not to call unless he absolutely needs it. This is the last year I'll tell him that because I'm not going to keep training the way I've been training. But he knows that if he ever truly does need it, I'll be there for him. But I don't expect that to happen. They've got a very good crew. So you're saying if four defensive ends go down by week 12, there's a possibility that you're set up? I very much don't want that to ever be the case. Yes, I hope that everybody stays extremely healthy and they dominate and they don't need any other bodies. And I just get to watch and enjoy it from the couch. He said, let me cover the bases here. I do not want four people to get hurt. I do not want to end up in a situation where I'm called. But I told D'Amico last year, if you need me, call while. I don't need you, JJ. Or is it like, Hey, guy gets hurt on Friday. Okay. And you need somebody and we can't sign anybody. I'll be there. And if he gets dropped into a game down there in Houston next year, week 15, what if it's against the, I mean, probably we'll be against the Indianapolis Colts. Could you imagine that stadium with him, C.J. Stroud, Will Anderson, them all coming out of the tunnel? It would be insane. It would be a Houston Texans wet dream for the Texans fan base. What are your thoughts on it, and how do you think it plays out? I mean, you know, like you said, he's still been training. He's in shape. You can see he still looks great. We talked to him every week last season. I would love it, especially if he came out red jerseys in that NRG stadium. Him getting intro'd last. Music with the turn. Yeah, I would love that. Wait, he's coming out with two flags, too. Of course. Texans and American flag. Obviously, he's jogging out there. He might have a Burnley one now. No, he'll have the Burnley hat on. We know that. Yeah, the burnley hey it was actually wild to see him with the jj hat on instead of the burnley hat but i don't know if you guys saw he was giving away these hats yeah i was well yeah he's being a super good guy jj watt it was actually on my you know the x for you page yeah he's different now they're writing like articles yeah full thing instead of just like topics trending yeah yeah it's a it's a new thing and at the top of my for you was, J.J. Watt does clever charitable hat giveaway on X or something. I'm like, oh, that's cute. Click on it. Somebody tweeted about how cool his hats were, and he said, this ain't available for everybody, but because you asked, I'll send you one. And somebody said, what about in blue? He said, boom, since you asked, we'll do that. J. Boom. You had almost spot on. DM me the address, and this one's yours because the guy asked for a Houston Texans blue one. Yeah. This guy checks all the – this could be a president of the United States, I think. Exactly. I think J.J. Watt is going to be the president of the United States someday. I'm putting it – I think J.J. Watts could be the president of the United States someday. Yeah, this is real nice. This whole story. This guy's just looking for votes, to your point. This guy doesn't want to play. This is what he's like all the time. We literally talk to him he's like this all the time. This isn't work for votes. This is one of our best humans we have. No, he's looking to be governor of Texas, which, I mean, can you believe him? I don't. But with all that being said. I think he lives in Arizona. Yeah, he wants to move back. I think he very publicly lives in Arizona. D'Amico Ryan is going to call him back. He's going to jump on that field, run out. It's going to be like a movie, except you want to know what happens when 99 gets on the field? Quentin Nelson's eating his mug, brother. It's been cool. You think JJ's playing tackle? You think he's down there dancing with a guard? He might have to. What if that's what duty calls for? Is he going to say no to the good people at Houston? I don't think so because then who is he going to vote for? You don't remember. Do you remember what JJ Watt was like when he was mic'd up? Do you remember his mic'd up? He turns into an actual psychopath on football. You picked the wrong one! Screaming to people in there. The blood, the whole... All he needs is one game. He'll probably get put in for third downs. So he has what? 13 plays, 14 plays in an entire day potentially. J.J. Watt, Max Geller. I was saying he's just swimming. He's not holding his gap. He's not... You're saying he's taking a knee? Oh, no! You're sayingatt's going to miss an opportunity to pick up a sack or a swat? Yeah, right. He's still 6'10 or whatever the hell he is. Point right at his name. There's a photo coming out from Bing. Yeah. That's me. He might run to the other coach and point at him like Gary Bertier. He needs to not get smacked in the mouth from Shane Steichen. But there was a picture coming from the softball charity game this weekend that JJ's had for I don't know how many years. But Stephon Diggs, Andre Johnson, JJ Watt, and D'Amico Ryans all hanging out, having a laugh. I mean, it's like, you know, the past, the future, and the present of the Houston Texans all in one photo, raising money for the great city of Houston. It's a beautiful thing. Don't call unless you absolutely need it, but if you ever do call, I'll be there. Says J.J. Wall. Politician ass answer. What are you talking about? I'll be there, man. I'll do it. No, you won't, J.J. Just shut up and watch your stupid, dumb, bad soccer team stink. They're not bad. They're not getting relegated. They're getting relegated, brother. They got shit kicked by the Newcastle this weekend. Yeah, Newcastle is the worst team in the league. My magpies are very good, brother. Shit. Hold on, so JJ's team's still in the top division? No, they're fighting relegation right now. They're doing a damn good job trying to get those points, but it's going to be tight. Really fighting away. Go get them. They're still in the bottom three right now. It's not easy. It's the toughest league in the world. Yeah, I felt bad this week. After the MLS. I was going to say. Second toughest league in the world after the MLS, which Messi said. And the Mexico League because the repercussions. League MX? Well, the crowds, for sure. Those are tough videos to watch. There's been a lot more of those on my ex. A lot more. There's videos of people just dying. Yeah, creepy.org. Can we stop that? No, it's good. You need to remind people every once in a while. This could happen to you. See This could happen, dude. See, I do fear that that is the actual thought on why I'm allowed to see these videos. But I'd like to counter that with saying, I don't need that in my life. No, no. I don't need that in my life. I've already got enough problems, you know? We're already trying to figure life out. I don't need to see other people dying. No, absolutely not. And there used to be a code on the internet. I don't used to be like a code on the internet like if the video has somebody dying in it it's not like we're not doing this now it's just like you want to see a dead body and then it's your algorithms right here there's websites for that stuff and it's not on x that x is not the website for dead bodies okay that's ebombs world or whatever i agree if you want to go find that okay you gotta go to a special place you're right not my for pull. Did you guys, did you, did the black community know about E-bombs world? This is news to me. Oh. First time I just, it's probably something I probably don't want to know about. Okay, Worldstar, you know, Worldstar obviously had a massive run. E-bombs world had a. It was Nick's homepage. Yeah. It had a Now my phone's listening, so I'm sure it'll pop up. Oh, it will. I don't know if it's still in phase. Yeah. There's no way E-bomb's world is still. Oh, it has to be. Is he a beheading or something? This would be terrible, terrible news. Oh, shit. We see that on E-bomb's world. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm talking about. No trigger warning What is this? That's Frank from Louisiana. Frank had a tough day. He just was scrolling E-bombs and got fired because of it. Look, they got a tab for clean humor. Yeah, but, you know. Let's check out funny photos. I assume one thing leads to another. Let's check out funny photos. I remember Flash Toons. I haven't heard of that one either. Who? Flash Toons. Oh, man. See, listen. This is what we're talking about. Oh, optical illusions. This is what we need not algorithmed into our life is whatever those are potentially leading to. The internet was abuzz last night. Yeah. Not only because Game 7, Vegas One Night Stars, but because the greatest roast of all time happened. Yep. And whenever you're saying groat, you know, you could be thinking greatest raffle of all time, which we had a few years back to a DVD, I do believe, that we created, a baseball one, where we raffled off a bunch of things. Always thought adding things in there with Ode at the end, good marketing. Sure. So when I saw greatest roast of all time being marketed, I'm like, thank God, here we go. Because the groat is a beautiful thing to kind of pitch, especially if you're going to get actual goats to kind of get roasted. Tom Brady signing up for last night. Hey, way to go, Tommy. Let's go, Tom. The sport. The force. I mean, Crypto Crash. The Fight Gate. Alex Guerrero. I mean, TB12 shit. Just everything. A lot of Jiu-Jitsu. Yeah. A lot of that. Jiu-Jitsu, yeah. AB got mentioned. Yeah, I mean, there's so many, so many things that he could get picked apart, and he definitely did. So him signing up for it is incredible. I think Jeff Ross was a massive piece of putting it together. Seemingly, everybody thanked Jeff Ross whenever they were doing their thing. But what a night, what a performance by numerous people. What a performance by numerous people. I really sat there for three hours listening to people do comedy. That hasn't happened in forever. Shout out to the entire event, I think, Con Man. Yeah, very cool. And obviously as a Patriots fan, it was even heightened to the extent because you're seeing Rob Kraft, you're seeing Bill Belichick, Edelman, all those guys do their little jokes. I honestly, you mentioned Ben Affleck, Watching back some of the Gronk stuff, I thought Gronk was pretty, pretty funny. I really did. I thought he was awesome in the roast. And like we mentioned, there was a chance that a lot of these guys get up there and they just completely blow it. But it was cool to see Gronk go up. And yeah, we have this third set. Gronk was called dumb no less than a thousand times. In very creative fashion. Speaking of creative, Gronk said, I'm creative. Even though everybody thinks I'm a big dumb dipshit up here. He talked about it. Here's one of his jokes about Tom Brady. I didn't even know you were in Ted 2. I was watching that scene when a tiny furry bear started jerking you off. At least I think it was Ted 2. It might have just been security cam footage of julian at your house a lot of that yeah a lot of that oh i like that one i'm creative you guys all think i'm a dumb piece of fucking shit if you go back to that photo hey everybody needs to know though like uh i thought when gronk was walking up there i was like man i don't know how this is gonna go me neither i didn't i didn't know how it was gonna go just as a fan of gronk and i understand there's people that are not fans of gronk and i understand there's people that are massive fans of gronk i am a fan of gronk like i i enjoy him being him in every single setting. Now, some settings, I think he would even say, Gronk not supposed to be here. This is not where Gronk is supposed to be. So him walking up there, I'm like, I have no idea how this is going to go. If it doesn't go good, people are going to kill. For sure. People are going to kill Gronk on the internet. I started watching. I watch it, I'm like, attababy, Gronk. And then Gronk even complimented himself a couple times. I wrote that joke. It's like, well, Gronk, hey, Fabier. These are all your jokes, Gronk. There's a lot of people writing for a lot of people. One person I don't think had any rights, Bill Belichick showed up. Here's a little Bill Belichick chit-chatting from last night's greatest roast of all time. Sunday, and I'm begging you, please, stop doing your job. Do another job. Do somebody else's job. He was obviously playing off of the do your job phrase that has got the Patriots, the dynasty. Here's another moment, though, of Bill Belichick being babyface con man yes and i saw a lot of people on the internet obviously saying it's the first time i've seen this guy smile he sat down on the dais had a drink got cooked he had a big time night bill belichick babyface run continues yeah last night was if anything just the confirmation like oh this is a bummer we're never gonna see bill belichick coach again because he could do eight different avenues after these last couple weeks. He had a little promo before with Bledsoe and Belichick and Brady where he was talking about time to get out there or whatever and he was fantastic start to finish. Belichick almost stole the show again. Robert Kraft was there and Kevin Hart actually called for Bill Belichick and Robert Kraft to have a toast, a cheers, have a drink. Kevin Hart, phenomenal job setting that up. I mean, it happened. It happened. Well, it happened. Look right there. Clearly see it. Clearly see it. Cheers. Way to go. Big smile. I don't think that was the case. What's that? What? What'd you say? The internet said, like, you know, good to see them bury the hatchet. I don't know if that's what it looked like to me. What are you talking about? That wasn't Bill's choice of shot, okay? Bill was forced into doing that. No. Well, certainly. He got up so quick. He wanted no part of that. It's going to take a of a shot to bury the hatchet. I did appreciate when Kraft said he's the greatest coach of all time because Bill's probably like and? Keep going. G. Who built the team? Hey, Robert, who made you a billionaire? Hey, who made you the most successful owner in the history of the NFL? Hey, who built the team? Who coached the team? Now, Tom Brady had an incredible line about who was to blame or who was to boast to get the credit for winning the Super Bowls. And obviously, Bill Belichick ended his set by saying, it was both of us because of me. Because he's the one who drafted Tom Brady at pick 199. So, like, you know, that's a hilarious angle. And I don't know who chatted with Bill about what he was going to say. But at the end of Robert Kraft and Bill Belichick's speeches, they have to address whose fault it was, who was in it. And then Tom Brady takes a swing at the end and says, when I watch the Indy 500, does anybody ask the winning driver, hey, who put the gas in your car? Nobody thinks about the people that aren't on the field who actually win races. So Tom Brady had a little heel at the end yeah but i thought he crushed it at the very end of the evening as well here's tom brady talking about you know the absence of roger goodell and one of the uh asterisks on the biggest patriots dynasty we got so many great football greats here tonight great football greats but where where's Roger Goodell? Oh. Hmm. Mood louder than Kim Kardashian, huh? I know. It's probably me. Remember Deflategate? The NFL spent $20 million and found that it was more probable than not that I was generally aware that someone may have deflated my footballs. You could have just given me the $20 million, million and I would just told you I fucking did it Just jokes It was a fantastic night Julian Edelman also crushed drew bledsoe did well Nikki Glaser made a lot of new fans I think it might like my wife is a fan of Nikki Glazer. I got introduced to Nikki Glazer last night. What a performance. Andrew Schultz crushed the two Bears. Provided an incredible break, I do believe, in the middle of the action. It was Ron Burgundy showed up. Peyton showed up. Bill Belichick showed up. It was a... Randy Moss was out. I mean, it was very, very, very well done. They should be taking a victory lap today. It was very, very well done, and Gronk did a great job. But you could tell in this photo, everyone else is smiling, having a good time. He's thinking, everyone does think I'm a big guy. Well, there was a time after a shot was had by Gronk, Tom, and Bill together because Gronk said he's known him for 11 years, doesn't know anything about him. I've never actually even had a drink with him. Now, they're on the boats in Tampa, I believe pretty intoxicated. Obviously it was just a joke talking about it. Then they do a shot. They do a shot and Gronk in Gronk fashion first, he opened a box to do the shot that had the ring in it that Kevin Hart was going to give to Tom Brady at the end of the night. And Kevin Hart, I'd say, nope, not that box, Tom, or Gronk. And then he also told him to, you know, sound it out whenever he was reading through teleprompter. I mean, there was quite a lot of those moments. But he gets the vodka or whatever, tequila, and then Gronk spikes it. And, yep, bang. And if you're listening, it was like, oh, that was glass. That was a glass shot, obviously, with how nice everything was. And it was a throwback to the old school roast with how nice and how uppity seemingly everything was. It was like a big to-do to be on the dais and to get roasted. And I appreciate them bringing back like the Dean Martin days, the Rat Pack days. That's what it felt like as you were watching there. But that was glass and allegedly somebody, you know, just like whenever Gallagher's hit the watermelon. That's right. And they give those tarps to cover the first three rows. Should have done that for the glass with Rob Gronkowski. But other than that, perfect night. Great vibes. Great vibes. Drew Bledsoe, too, came out swinging. Awesome. I like that everybody plugged their shit. Drew Bledsoe plugged his wine and his Cabernet in the middle of doing his jokes. Julian Edmund plugged the podcast. You know, I think... Dana White was in there. Dana White got 60 seconds. He was pumped about that. Yeah. Good joke. What was the joke? What's that? What? I was just... I didn't see it, so I didn't know what the joke was. Well, he told 60 seconds worth of jokes. The first one, though, people certainly heard. Yeah. You know, people certainly heard. Why he only got 60. Just self-deprecating, having fun with his own name, you know. Ah. Okay. Goody. That's how I took it. In L.A. Yeah. I mean, he came out swinging pretty strong, but there was a lot. There was a lot said last night in the name of comedy. And I know that there is times where people kind of can't see the line between humor and hate. Okay. I think if it is described in a lane of humor, I think people should try to give it their best. If the joke sucks, joke sucks, but all they're trying to do is make people laugh. So I understand if you get mad at it, but I think there had become a time where there was not enough like, oh, this is humor, this is just hate, hate, hate. Last night felt like a big-time fight back on like, nah, the intention's here to make people laugh, not the complete opposite. It's an interesting time we're in the middle of right now. Yeah, I mean, I understand everyone's way more sensitive now than they were, you know, 10,15 years ago, but like you mentioned, this is going back to the previous roast. If you go back now and watch the roast of Bob Saget or Bieber, that stuff was on Comedy Central. It was on TV. You know what I mean? It's wildly inappropriate, obviously, but that's why it's for a specific audience. It's not for kids. It's for people who can understand, while some of this is very, very, very mean-spirited. Offensive. Potentially to some. Offensive, yeah. I guess mean-spirited isn't the right way to say it, although some things are definitely mean-spirited. But Brady, he agreed to do it. He knew that this was... It's not like people are just going to go up there and kind of pat him on the back and tell him how great he is the whole time. Like, that's not what these events are. Like, it's to make people laugh. I'll tell you, it was a big deal. We needed it. As a society, we needed it. Everything always goes full circle. That was a big deal. We needed it. That was a big deal last night, I think. And I think we all kind of saw it that way. Yeah, some of the best truth tellers and obviously you've got to push the envelope. You've got to offend some people. That's kind of the point of it too. Like, hey, whatever. Get over it. But I think it was good all around. I enjoyed it. Good piece. Hey, it was a good piece of content. It was. Jordan's up now. Yeah, Michael Jordan's got to go next. That kind of sucks. Hey, listen, because you're great, you're ridiculed and mocked and picked apart. You got paid very well, so you're lucky to do it. You'll be remembered forever, obviously. Congratulations. Now, you also have to sit here and let some of the most talented prick brains piece together the worst things that you have ever done and are. Congratulate your goat. You did it. Tom Brady did it. It's going to be really funny. Tom Brady. You're You did it. Call it stealing business. Tom Brady did it. It's going to be really funny. Tom Brady. Oh, you're more famous than Tom Brady? Okay. Is that right? Why don't you have a seat here and let Jeff Ross do his thing? What a wizard with words. Oh, my God. Unbelievable. I mean, just think. Our former president has been roasted before on TV. So J.J. Watt needs one. Okay former president has been roasted before on TV. You know, JJ Watt needs one. Okay. You said it brother. Let's get to a break. We'll be back on the other side with AJ Hawk, fresh out of the Kentucky Derby and the voice of the Kentucky Derby, Travis Stone, who's the actual announcer at Churchill Downs. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Take three. Now is a man who will be compared to forever. Whenever they're talking about goat conversations in the sport of football. That's because he won seven Super Bowls. Was consistently dominant for more than two decades at football. Ridiculously handsome. So absurdly handsome. An underdog story too. Picked at 199 of the NFL draft. Not a top five pick. Not handed anything. And then what did he do? He went to work, did his job, became the greatest of all time, and now a phenomenal businessman and a great representation of the greatest league on earth. Ladies and gentlemen, Tom Brady. Hell yeah, dude. What's up, my man? Tom, I thought this was all potential gimmick rip. I didn't know if you were actually on the show. I'm so pumped you were here. Hey, we love you, dude. We love you, Tom. I appreciate it. When you're 40 years old and you've won six Super Bowls and you're already being called the GOAT, was there anything to you getting to the point of just being, I'm tired of Bill Belichick talking to me like I'm a 23-year-old? Because that was kind of the lingering at the end of your time at New England. There was much people just trying to create some division that most of it was untrue but it's just the way the world works and naturally i think division from within is a big problem in these team environments and i don't like seeing any dysfunction in team environments obviously my respect for coach belichick is pretty well documented he was an incredible leader and coach for our team and i tried to do my best every single day that i took the field i knew that he did the same thing and i think that's why i respected his coaching so much. Whenever they talk about the Patriot way, that is normally the reason that is given is like the Patriot way, the Patriot way, the Patriot way. I've never used that term in my entire life. I think when people say it, I'm always like, what's the Patriot way? It sounds like the title of a book. I think what we tried to do was we tried to do things the right way. I think we tried to practice the right way and prepare the right way. What happened on game day was ultimately a reflection of what we practiced. And I thought we had great leadership from our coaches and it filtered down to the guys who really drove the culture. We had so many guys that I played with over the course of a lot of years that really understood that, okay, I'm going to care about my teammates and I'm going to care about helping the team win. There's a guy on our show who is a diehard Patriot fan. Boston Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Tommy, I have to... What's up, Boston? I have to start and just say thank you. You know, my whole life has been incredible because of the fact that you have won six Super Bowls, and you know, I'm a loser every day, but I'm a winner as a football fan because of you and what the Patriots were able to do, so thank you. era of New England with Mayo is going to be. Him coming back into coaching, I think is great for the NFL and certainly great for the Patriots. He's got a great understanding of how things need to be done. I think Gerard does an incredible job relating to everybody in the locker room, all the coaches, and I think he'll do a great job. Going into the booth, are you utilizing the same thing here and what people are saying about you going in there? And how do you balance that while still being a human? The broadcast I'm going to be five years from now is going to be hopefully more improved than the one that starts on day one. So I'm going to go in there with the opportunity to start and learn. And I'm sure by the end of the year, I'll feel more comfortable. I really want to be a great ambassador for the NFL and the game. I love the sport. I love the athletes. I love the organizations. And I really appreciate how challenging it is to get there again like the Chiefs have. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk if you are young Please seek permission before watching any further This show sticks in the fact that you listen we are very very thankful The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this glorious Overreaction Monday, May 6th, 2024, Hour 2 of the program starts now. Sports are amazing and had a fantastic weekend, not only on the court and on the ice, but on a dais in a roast in Los Angeles. I'm not alone here because there was horses that were racing, there were cars that were racing. There was magic to be chatted about and I couldn't do it by myself. The Talks at the Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Love the shirt. Thank you very much. I mean, we were all pretty locked in on the White Buffalo Woman prophecy that was fulfilled on April 25th. Of course, the Lakota people, we were very happy for them all and pumped that things are turning around, it sounds like. Yeah, one in every 10 million bison that are born are albino. And a white buffalo has been born in Kansas. Whoa. Yep. That's right. It's a prophecy of the Lakota people. Others, like the Comanche in the Idaho, also see it as a sign of things changing in the world. Hell yeah. Better times coming. The National Bison Association says it is about 1 in 10 million. Here we go. It's pretty rare. The bison said it would. We've got good stuff taking place. We've got people coming together more so than ever. The universe told me that last week. Whenever we drain one shot out of like 40. One half of the hammer. Cowboys 10 digs here. White bison. Here we go. That's huge. Gotta make sure that thing lives. What do you mean? That thing, there's no chance. There's no chance that it doesn't live. No, but I'm saying if it happens, eat one of those seeds that are being forced into some of these fields. Oh, it's fine. That thing is impervious to all. Oh, boy. If that thing dies. It's not. I don't know why. Yeah Yeah, I didn't even think about that possibility. There isn't a possibility. Heart broken. This is like whenever that little bastard comes out of the hole in Punxsutawney. Yeah. He says, guess what? Life sucks for another six weeks. It's like, why don't you go back in your hole, you little bastard? I guess it had kids. Really? Phil and Pam. Phil and his wife. Phil and Pam had kids. The Punxsutawney's? Yeah, well, Punxsutawney's a town. I don't know his last name. Phil Ratt, maybe? No, Phil's his last name, actually. Anyways, let's take care of this bison. We need it. They're going to put this thing in a crate and send it to a zoo, so we'll be just fine. That's not true. No, we can't do that. We'll be just fine. This $10 million, hey, you think the San Diego Zoo isn't saying, all right, we'll give you $100 million. No, it was born on lands where you're not allowed to do that. They don't give a shit. No, they do. They don't care. They can't lock this. If they lock this thing up, then it's the opposite of the prophecy. That means the worst shit can happen. Just real quick, let's not think about what could be. Okay. Let's I'm already thinking about him potentially getting, or she, getting potentially poisoned. No. Yeah, I don't need to think like that. This thing's good. This thing's going to live a long, strong life. Great story. Don't clone it. This thing might actually race in the Kentucky Derby. It could. Might be so fast. Might be the most athletic. This thing was just part of a great weekend, and you just mentioned part of that great weekend. Guess what's back I don't know what I say was the greatest racing that could potentially happen. Sports that you could rub and race, okay? There was a couple races this weekend that ended with a little rubbing, and that's why they're the greatest races on planet Earth. Obviously, we'll talk about the Kentucky Derby in a matter of moments, but what you're chatting about right now is NASCAR. Yes, we'll talk about the Kentucky Derby part of that, but I think what you were talking about also is NASCAR. Kyle Larson wins in the closest margin of victory in the history of NASCAR. And it's not just the finish that's like this. It was magical. He rams the 17 car coming in. He comes all the way down. Almost pit maneuver. Yeah. Can you imagine IndyCar trying to do that? I think it would break in half. Okay. Hold on. There's different maneuvers, okay, that IndyCar drivers can utilize that don't involve. That's not horrible. He submarine, he torpedoed down into this car. They hit. They finish in the closest finish in the history of NASCAR. Ooh. He thought he lost. Man. So he came from second, comes crashing in. They finished, obviously. He did a whole whole three quarters of a lap thinking he lost he wasn't until he was told like hey we won this entire thing kyle larson picks up another dub and nascar you're right town in a weekend filled with awesome yeah certainly was a part of the story boy did i want that black car 17 to win why is that damn it i mean fair enough yeah damn it the black car yeah the black right there. I thought you were a big Kyle Larson guy. Uh, no. Why? Not my guy. You talking about the black car up there? Good race. You talking about the black car? Yeah, the black car. Now that you say that, it's funny that he attacked that car. I mean, it was a good move. Kyle Larson gets another dub. He'll be doing the double, the Indy 500 and the Charlotte 600 coming up here at the end of the month. 1,100 miles. He's got to be racing one day. I assume when he gets in any car, he's going to learn some new moves. Speaking of another racing that has not been chatted about nearly enough, G1 this weekend down there in Miami. Congratulations. Derrick Day Butler, our expert, was boots on the ground down there. How was the race? Somebody other than Max won. That means good. Yeah, finally Max Verstappen did not win. It was a great race, though. Got a little lucky, which you need in motorsport. You need it racing with the timing of the safety car because we had an accident. We had some rubbing. Logan Sargent, our one American-born driver, got flipped over. So we got a safety car. What's their problem? What? What's their problem? It worked in favor. I didn't know there was an American driver. He's like prolific in the EPL. That's bullshit. They're just going cleats up on him. Yeah, not passing the ball. It's because they were just pissed that the Hulkster went down there and stole the show Holy shit. What did he say? He said, listen, nobody gives a damn about F1, dude. Okay? You want to see these 22-inch pythons? Come here, Mahomes. Come here, Tom Cruise. Come here, anybody else that's famous. Come take a picture with the Hulkster. We're all the Hulkamaniacs now. He said that? Pretty much, yeah. Every picture I saw from Hulk's Twitter, just celeb after celeb after celeb after celeb. They're all waiting in line to take pictures with the Hulkster. And hold on. Did he pump? Was he wearing a karaoke shirt? Because I know Hulk beats karaoke on Monday nights. I think it's just kind of assumed. Hey, if you're coming in contact with the Hulkster, don't forget Hogan's Hangout Monday night, dude. You can sing the first song. I'm going to sing the second and the third, but you can sing the first. Brother. All right. So we had boots on the ground down there. All the celebs were out. Patrick Mahomes did the coolest thing out of the whole damn weekend down in Miami. How did he do that? This guy's just fresh out of a hangover, I would assume. Guy's living and celebrating his life. Guys living and celebrating his life. He turned heel the other week on Raw. Now he's looking at camera going, I'm Patrick Mahomes. We know. Throwing it into the second level. Cold. Fresh into the building. That's what Patrick Mahomes does What's up? That thing that's on Victor's side was sick. He's probably a little boozed up. He's boozed up. In the wind. And his glasses are so cool. Too tight. That's why he unbuttoned the top one. No warm-up. Impressive. God, how does he do it, man? That's impressive. Jeez. How does he freaking do it? Yeah, the GOAT status is just climbing. Britt wasn't impressed. Mind-blowing. Well, Britt, he's seen Patrick do a lot of amazing things. He's hit hole ones at the house. He's also in the aerial shot. Speaking of big-time weekend moments, we had boots on the ground at G1 with D-Butch. Thank you for going to be a big one. Absolutely. And then we had boots on the ground, obviously, diner in Kentucky for a derby that had a little controversy at the end, but a winner that we can all get behind with the name in Mystic Dan. Now, Bear was on the show on Friday. All of his picks were in the bottom ten. The one he really liked, just to touch, I guess lost by 53 lengths. Really? Is that a record? We shouldn't just judge Bear by that. We should judge by the vibes that he gave off about the Derby weekend. Let's chat with our journalist that we had down there. He's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup winner, and a man who is the current president of Ohio. Loves the Derby. A.J. Hawke. Hawker, D. Butch was down there at F1 paying $180 for nachos. You were down there hanging out with Kid Rock and the boys at the Kentucky Derby. How was the weekend? And I think the race was amazing, right? That's exactly what you guys are down there for. Yeah, the main Derby race was awesome. There was some controversy, and I've been to one race where they had, like, it went under review, and then they changed it and gave the victory to somebody else. I thought might happen this time but I mean I've been watching I just I'm upset I didn't get to hang out with the Hulkster the Hulkster sounds like he had a great time at G1 F1 what are we doing changing the name G1 sounds so much better. I don't know what passed those. Formula 1 F1 pinnacle motorsport G1 sounds so much better. Why is it formula? G1 is pretty sick. It is. Here on forward. So you're just trying to change the name? You're going like Twitter to X here, but you're just doing it? Sorry about it. I'm on board. I'm with it. It's just one letter. You know, you could accidentally mess that one up. Every time I say it, go to say F, it just goes right to the next letter in the alphabet. No one gives a shit about the sport anyways. Whoa! Whoa. Londo, guy started 110 races. Look, I am over the moon for Londo. I could barely sleep last night. I was so jacked up for him, but no one gives a damn. All right, let's talk about Mystic Dan, shall we? Ladies and gentlemen, the voice of Churchill Dons, the man that is called, I don't know how many in a row, but every year I listen to his call back. Not a single flub. No, none. 75 horses names he's got to know because they can come from nowhere. The one that we didn't think could win is going to win long shots. Everyone got to know the odds got to know how far back fur line. The whole thing. It's phenomenal. One of the greatest or tours I've ever heard. Ladies and gentlemen, Travis Stone. Yeah, appreciate that. Thank you. Hey, it's really impressive. No flubs the entire time around and you're using binoculars so I have binoculars at the house so I can bird watch and we got a snake now down at the pond. The snake's boning too with other snakes so you know you got it's not good we're about to have a full gonna need a snake wrangler ASAP but binoculars are not easy to see out of and this guy's watching an entire race and calling it with a field that is so wide open. Travis, how'd you get into this? And do you feel like midday, like, oh, I'm in a zone? Like, is every day the same for you? How'd you get into this? And why do you think you are so good at it? Well, I appreciate that. I knew I wanted to be a race caller when I was about 12 years old. We used to go to the races all the time at Saratoga in upstate New York. And I fell in love with it. I wrote a letter to Tom Durkin when I was 12. He wrote me back. I was sort of on my way from there. I practiced a lot, spent a lot of time calling races as a kid. I used to race marbles and matchbox cars. I'd ride my bike around the yard pretending to be a jockey. I'm way too big to be a jockey now, obviously. But, yeah, one thing led to another. And, you know, 10 derbies later, here we are. Well, it's fantastic to watch the clip of you doing your thing every single year. Now, you call the entire, do you, because there's only, what, one weekend down there at Churchill Downs? Or is there more, though, that I don't know about? No, we race about 80 days each year. Derby week is our first week, though. So I call races for the first week off to lay off. And, I mean, you ask about it. When those horses turn to the gate, I actually wonder why I started doing this myself. It is the most nerve-wracking 10 minutes that lead up to that race. Your heart's pounding. You can feel your knees knocking. Palms sweating. Knees weak. Arms are heavy. Vomit. Yeah, exactly. I love it. I like you getting in the zone. You feel those butterflies 10 years in. Now, before AJ has a question for you, because I'm sure he's heard your voice plenty of times and been incredibly intoxicated while you were doing your job and you might have, you know, happened upon each other up there in billionaire row. This ending was a great this is what we're here for right i mean obviously we just talked about nascar having literally the closest finish in the history of nascar this weekend but a nose nose nose across the finish line at the kentucky derby his dream come true right travis uh it was just awesome it was a great ride on the winner brian hernandez jr a regular here in kentucky cut the corner beautifully the two horses coming on his outside i could tell at mid-stretch that it was going to be close they just kept on coming and coming and coming but oh yeah coming all over the place travis yeah getting ready to start them out travis yeah i'm glad i didn't say it like that but i know what you mean yeah you know what i'm talking about yeah but you could feel you could sense it early huh yeah no i mean you can see in the binoculars. You can tell when horses are digging in. They extend their stride. They lower their head. Brian was all over Mystic Dan to get him to hold on, which he did. And, I mean, three noses on the wire. I thought Mystic Dan won live. I wasn't gutsy enough to call it, and I'm glad I didn't because it ended up being less than a nose uh just a wild finish and it built the drama you know because you you play yeah like that's awesome for the sport we do yeah a lot of drama for what uh how long is this race how long is the entirety of the race two minutes two minutes things on tv on nbc for seven hours damn and then we got like two minutes that were all built up for and every year people are like yup that was awesome speaking of a man who says it's awesome go ahead aj, AJ. Trev, what kind of prep can you do for this? There's races all day long that you're calling and all of this stuff. Also, it's got to be tough off this layoff, and all of a sudden, bam, you're thrown into your Super Bowl. Does that ever come into your mind? How do you practice? Are you still having your kids race little marbles and you're calling games for them or what no i mean i uh i watch every replay of every horse i try and learn them like to the back of my hand the bridal color their their coat color what the jockey silks are us announcers memorize horses by the silk so flash cards for hours leading up to the race and then it's really as you know you've been to the derby it is it is a gauntlet and it's about staying calm and just trying to stay poised. Cut out the beer a couple of nights before. Okay. Yeah, you know, really focus in. Yeah, you just got to trust the process when the gates open. And I tell you, it is a wild feeling. This year especially, they turned for home. There was like 10 horses in the binoculars, and I was, oh, my God, don't do this to me. But you just got to keep going. What's the name of that horse? Oh, yeah, that's who that is. Sierra Leone. You don't have time to do that. There's no time. You just have to go. I couldn't imagine. Go ahead, AJ. Did you get a spot or anything? We Do you have somebody with you? Like a play-by-play guy might have a spotter sometimes pointing things out. No, it's me and me only. The door is closed. Love that. Hey, that's accountability too. At least we know who to blame. At least you know who to blame. And with how quick it all happens, I assume you have to know it like the back of your hand. That's just being a natural conversation. But with how many horses there are, from how many different places, knowing their story, what type of runners they are. Because I think you even gave like a couple – you gave some insight too while it's running. You say in the binoculars you can see them kind of dig in a little bit, start stretching their stride a little bit. That has to be a wonderful thing to kind of – I don't want to say predict, but once you start learning that that's what you should – hey, you're a weapon, Travis, actual weapon. Now, let's talk about derby analytics a little bit, shall we? Go ahead, Tone. Yeah, Travis, there hasn't been a favorite who has won since 2018. Do you, like in the horse industry, is there a reason for that? Is it just the Kentucky Derby and just the entire spectacle of the thing that gets into the favorites' heads? Or why do you think that is that a favorite hasn't won in, what is it, six years now at least? The der The Derby, it's just incredibly hard to win. Every one of these horses is pointed for this race for months on end. And then with 20 horses and a mile and a quarter, tight turns of Churchill downs, you've got to have a lot of luck go your way. And that's why the Derby is so great because it's not so predictable. Anything can happen, and it has happened over the past few years. So, yeah, it's just a very tough race to win. That's what makes it so special um whenever we look at the next couple races should we assume you know that horses that do well in derby do well going forward like i know we're just kicking off the whole thing right here we go we gotta go to baltimore then we gotta go to new york and everybody's trying to see if mystic dan's gonna be able to go should we assume horses that did good good in the Kentucky Derby will do well going forward, or do you not pay attention to the rest of the schedule? No, it matters. To run well in the Derby means you have to be in good shape and in good form. So if you run well in the Derby, you're likely going to run well in the Preakness. Historically, those horses have done very well. But again, it's a very grueling race. A lot happens. So fresh horses that come to Baltimore also have a bit of an advantage too because they're coming in with fresher legs. But always favor the derby horses. It's the best field each year. So whoever does well in there ranks pretty high. That's great news. Ty has a question for you. Yeah, Travis, we saw I think on your Wikipedia it says you went to the Missouri Auction School. You graduated from there does that prepare you for something like this like how does that process work yeah i mean i can auctioneer but real quick i'll give you the best piece of advice i got there at auction school you go in and you practice your bid calling in front of other students it's very nerve-wracking intimidating and the instructor said you're nervous before you get on the mic you need to do this go bing bong bing bong and he says on that last bong is where you start to talk when you get on a microphone because you have your entire vocal register to to work with so uh in fact i don't think they put it on the video but before they load it into the gate i'm in the room i'm by myself so i can do whatever but i'm going bing bong bing bong horses have reached the starting gate yeah just thinking about that that was the best piece of it i like that do you do other vocal exercises throughout the year i do i do a lot of in the car on the way to the track each day i do some uh unique new york unique new york those things yeah tommy totem is took two t's totem atop two tall trees yeah stuff like that round the rough and rugged rock the ragged rascal ran yeah whoa that's pretty good what was it tommy tough one tommy tied him his two two t's tied him atop two tall trees jesus so i went to that meekum auction i went to that meekum auction and uh they have two auctioneers the one guy i'm forgetting his name right now good dude cowboy hat had the stick it was a great display of speaking do you still do you still have the auctioneer in you if you need like let's say all the horses stop running there's no more horse racing anymore if you had to go do auctions could you still auctioneer if you had to i probably fine gonna get to i'm gonna get 25 i, get a 30. Yeah, I could do it. I think so. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking you can. You know what else I'm thinking? I think you're related to one of the guys that works for us. You know what? Yeah, it's legit. I mean, this is a real deal. Yeah. Look at. Oh, dear. I mean, that's Bill McComas. Verbatim. I mean, you are two bald whites with a round head. I mean, you seemingly look very similar to each other. As soon as you got on the screen, everybody had the same exact thought. Holy shit, that's Bill McComas. Now, we don't know if Bill can talk like that, but this guy can code YouTube if he had to. Bill, you guys need to maybe catch a drink together. Meet up with your old dad here. Of course. That'll pay you, Bill. Thank you, buddy. Seems like the same exact bot. Are you jacked, too? Are you jacked? Not quite. No. No. Perfect. Bill's pretty jock. Jeez. Go ahead, Connor. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. You look much more jacked than Bill does, Travis. That's what I'm saying. Bill's been working his ass off. Oh, no, yeah. Bill's jacked. But, I mean, look at the traps on Travis. This guy, he's a house, and he's just not saying it. You think he can bench 225, maybe 275? 225, 225. But aside from that, Travis, one thing that we always kind of revisit every Kentucky Derby is, hey, obviously this matters a lot, but the fastest horses in the world are at the Breeders' Cup. Is the fastest, best type of announcer at the Breeders' Cup as well, or is that you? Are you the one that goes over? Do they call you up to the big leagues to get you to do that one as well? No, I've got to tell you, the big leagues, the Derby. The Derby is the big one. We had record handle this year. 160,000 people at the track over the weekend so uh but you will see all the horses that race at churchill on derby weekend they do point to the breeders cup ultimately later on in the year but uh if there's one race everybody wants to win it was the one that we just had for sure got aj travis do you have a favorite horse's name that you've called or maybe one that's given you problems in the past uh yeah so i was calling races in new york city and they're coming on the track and i'm memorizing the silks memorizing there's a horse named uh radiant cut c-u-t and uh that's not like right there it's not like you said c-u-c-k no c-u-t as in cut but you can imagine the word radiant and then the word cut after each other. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Oh, punts. We're talking about punting here. Yeah. Oh, no. It got me a little bit. It got me. I didn't think anybody heard it. It was very, very subtle, but then they hit the wire, and instantly my phone started vibrating. I was mortified. It was awful. my phone started vibrating. I was mortified. It was awful. I was mortified. Oh no, I've made a massive mistake. On favorites and toughest, let's go to D-Bud. Yeah, it was probably one of the least favorite moments in the booth, but what has been your favorite moment in the booth these last 10 years covering the Kentucky Derby? I had never been to the Kentucky Derby, and the first one I called was 2015 with American Pharoah, and so that would probably be up there. I mean, for anybody that's been to the Derby, it's an event, and getting through security, getting through parking, getting to the booth is a chore. I had never experienced any of that, and then I get upstairs, and a few hours later, I had to call the Derby, so that's up there. This year's was an exceptionally hard race to call with three horses down to the wire together. So this is a hard-charging second. It might even be number one now. Oh, I like that. I mean, we say everything's the greatest of all time as soon as it happens, too. So you're our type of guy. We like that. But also, what a race, what a finish as we turned. Now, I didn't even know until I looked on the internet because I was just watching a derby on my phone while everything's happening in the world. My daughter turned one this weekend. Way to go, Mackenzie. Way to go, Sam. Way to go, Sam. But anyways, while I'm watching, I didn't even know there was a potential controversy until I look on the internet. And horse racing has controversies on a lot of situations. I mean, AJ even talked about somebody winning, then not winning while he's still there, and it being a big deal. There's a lot of checking. Bruce, what the hell happened this year? There was something that took place. Yeah, so Tyler Gafleon was the jockey for Sierra Leone, the two-horse, and there was some bumping coming up the backstretch. And then, yeah, you can see here Gafleon kind of puts his left hand out almost like he's grabbing on to Forever Young there. Travis, what did you make of the lack of inquiry and people calling for it? I watched back a bunch this morning. There is some bumping, the hand thing. I don't know how serious that is. I mean, he could have busted out the whip and hit Forever Young. So curious your take on it all. Yeah, so in the call i said it they were shoulder to shoulder they were leaning on each other pretty hard which is not uncommon for horses toward the end of a race they're getting tired they're trying hard they're just trying to find another gear the stewards at churchill are right next door to me and they watch every replay multiple times i'm confident they reviewed it it. If Sierra Leone had won, I think we might be having a different conversation, but he didn't win. So I feel like they looked at it and probably determined that it was hard to make a decision whether the horse should come down or not. Tyler is a great rider. He rides year-round here in Kentucky, and when he's had his hand way out to the left like that, Sierra Leone was trying to get in on him. You can see his rein is real tight there. The horse is lugging into the left and he's trying to correct it. And I think he just got tangled with his left hand trying to get the stick out because you can deter a horse from doing that by using the stick a little bit. And his trainer, Chad Brown, said the horse responds to that. So I think that's all that was happening there. Forever Young, the Japanese horse in the red, he ran a huge race too. Just Mystic Dan, beat him by a nose. Just, it was awesome. Just what a great stretch drive. So this is a nothing burger in the horse world, yes? No, I mean, it's, well, people love to make controversies in horse racing. But at the end of the day, you know, the best part about racing is that the horses decided and they still had every opportunity to go by him and they didn't mystic dan dug in found more and it's a deserving winner japanese horses is uh this is a very common thing for the kentucky derby because the interview no okay is this new yeah it's sort of new they they are they've really taken over racing racing worldwide. They've started to bring more horses over to America. They're starting to win big races. Each horse they've started in the Kentucky Derby has run better than the last. They were just a nose back this year. They're going to win one soon. They have a tremendous breeding program over there, and they really respect our racing, and it just adds a whole new dimension to the derby so uh it's i was happy to see them run well and it would have been cool if they won but i was happy for kenny mcpeak and brian too i was watching the absolutely i was watching the uh owner of the japanese horse there and before the race or whatever while they're walking great coverage the walking on the thing and everybody's all dressed up in these multi-thousand dollar off and they're just walking in dirt and mud which i love and they're paddock they're doing their interview but the owner uh japanese owner was like so gracious and thankful to be at the kentucky derby could feel the respect that they had for the derby so it's uh japan big horse racing united states big horse racing middle east does horse racing is where is uh and and how yeah globally what are we looking at from like a uh from like a i don't say ranking scale but like you get it well the uh american thoroughbred is still the fastest breed in the world hell yeah hell yeah i like hearing that our ponies can run yeah they should see our white bison we got suck it anyways go ahead japan built up their breeding program by buying a bunch of mares from america so that's part of it but there's there's uh good racing in europe uh in asia uh the middle east as well and of course um in north america and the globalization of racing is really starting to take off there's a lot of big races around the world from the derby which which has horses coming from Japan and Europe and America. The Breeders' Cup, of course, the Dubai World Cup, the Saudi Cup. There's big races in Japan as well. you go to a horse race it it just connects people it's it's it's like any other sport you know any other sport connects people horse racing does the same thing regardless of where it's happening around the world and uh we just got to experience it here in kentucky yeah i like to hear that everybody uh shares our degenerate gambling habits on horses yeah i love it that's good shout out shout out to the world bringing the world together we got more in common than we could ever imagine people forget go ahead tone are, Tom. Are you allowed to gamble on the horses? I am, but I don't. When I was early on in my career, I bet a horse that I called. He won. And my good friend Nick called me up. He goes, did you bet that horse? And I said, yeah, how'd you know? He goes, I could tell. Come on! Come Come on! Come on! Come on! It wasn't that bad, but apparently he thought it was. But I trust him, and I trust him, so I don't bet anymore. Man, you haven't Sierra Leone in that one? Oh, damn! This is bullshit! Oh, my God! That would be fantastic. You know, they have accused some football commentators of potentially having a little money on one particular side than on the other happy to hear that over in horse world that isn't taking place obviously because the amount of gambling speaking of gambling a lot of people lost go ahead ty yeah travis i know you mentioned that you know the derby's just hard to win and that's why we haven't seen a favorite win in so long but when you had and i don't know if fierceness was you know the most prohibitive favorite of the last several years. But when you have a big favorite like that who then goes on and finishes towards the bottom of the pack, why exactly do you think a horse like that just shits the bed? And also, what do the next several months look like for that horse when it was expected and projected to win the Kentucky Derby? No, I'm not saying that because I'm sure they'll still stud this thing out. But if we start having a couple more, you know, not so great showings, what exactly is this horse looking at for its future? You know, it's a tough call. If you watch the start of the race, he didn't have the best of starts. He sort of leapt up in the air. And for a horse, breaking from the gate is one of the more strenuous parts of the race for them. They go from a standstill to 40 miles an hour in a matter of three or four jumps. So when that doesn't go well for a horse, sometimes they get a little bit disinterested or frustrated. If you watch fierceness in the race, his ears are pinned back, which is a sign of a horse not really enjoying what they're doing, not comfortable, not feeling the moment. And he just seems to be a horse that sometimes he needs things to go his way, and it's really hard to get things to go your way in the derby. He'll be back, though. He's really good. He's a really good horse. Sure. We didn't see the best of fierceness this weekend. Oh, front-running fierceness. Yeah. That's a shame. I thought that was a good pony. I thought it was a good pony. It was. It still is. Don't give up on him. Don't give up on him. He's a trainer in his own. Well, I'm not going to give up on him, but I hope, you know, others don't, Ty. That is not how it goes. What could happen? That is not how it goes. No. Because it's not hurt. Well, I hope not. But fierceness, we all because Bear came in and told us, hey, this is the one. What was that? Bear gave us literally every pick he gave us. Listen, Bear, we love you. We love you. We love you. We love you. But I think what we're learning is it's tough to predict what's going to happen at the Derby, which makes your job even more difficult. And we respect and appreciate the hell out of you for joining us, Travis. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys. And hopefully we see you at Churchill Downs next year. AJ will be here with Kid Rock. Ain't you all right, AJ? Yeah, maybe. We'll see. Hopefully. Did he have a beeper? Is that what you saw? Yeah, I saw it. It was the first thing I saw when I saw him. Kid Rock had a beeper? Well, it was a Bluetooth speaker kind of disguised as a beeper, a beeper and he seemed to love that gimmick as well. Playing picture all day? Any other gimmicks? It was sweet. Played great music. He's a DJ Kid Rock all day? He's playing the hits. Yeah, man. He was playing the hits. How many of his own songs was he playing? All of them? No, he didn't play. At least I did not hear any of his own songs. Humble Kid Rock. Wow. Very humble. Kentucky Derby. All right, Travis. Back as well. Sorry we're having a full combo here around you, but we appreciate you, buddy. I'm good. Thank you very much, guys. Have a good one. Ladies and gentlemen, Travis Stone. Yeah, Travis! Travis Stone. You hear that? 25 and up. You're going to drop right back down. Still got it. Yeah. What. Tommy Tootsie tied two T's on top of two trees? Yeah. Jeez Louise. That one's a tough one. Yeah. You know what he used to give me? We should have asked him. Real world, the show. Say it ten times fast. Real world, you get in there. It's tough. What did he say? The one Oh, yeah, yeah. We thought he said Cuck. Is that what you thought? I thought for sure that's what it was, yeah. And said it was another one. Yeah. It's a great name for a horse. It's a tough name. A lot of opportunity there. Do you sleep at Kid Rock's house? No, I don't know where he spent the night, but I did not stay there. How was it? Legit, for shoot. Looked group yeah it was fun yeah man it's it's great like a lot of those guys i only see them once a year so yeah it's it's good uh good culture there in that house those guys any ayahuasca did you guys just all do ayahuasca all weekend come on oh yeah just plant medicine all over the place that's all we're doing i like hearing that you just said something much different i do appreciate that uh playing all over a lot of guys probably already had their first test. The annual test starts April 20th. Oh, yeah. We're past that. Congrats to everybody. That's what you want to get. Good work. Yeah, you want to get in the first wave of testing. Because if not, you've got the first week of training camp. At least you know that's coming. But, yeah, substance abuse program kicks off on 4-20. Good joke, Raj. Didn't ask him about that at the draft. Should ask him about that. Did you guys all have a nice laugh about April 20th being the start of the substance of abuse testing? That's unbelievable. AJ, I don't know if you saw or not. There's two game sevens in the NHL. And in this office, there was a battle between Ty's Vegas Golden Knights, who are the reigning Stanley Cup champions, and Bubba Gumpino's, our friend Gumpy, the Canadian stallion who has a lot of teams around him up in Canada, you know, that he could be fans of. And Vander Kane told us that Canadian crowds are just more wild, brother. That's basically what he said for us to get to Edmonton. He's actually a fan of the Dallas Stars. Dallas Stars get the big win over the Vegas Golden Knights. AJ, did you get a chance to catch up with any of the Game 7s this weekend? There were three of them, two of them in the NHL. Yeah, this one I was paying even more attention to because I know the fandom back in the office, but also the winner is taking on the Avs, so that is my squad looking forward to watching that whole series as well why are you an abs fan well my brother-in-law is on the squad so i will always be a fan of whatever whatever team he is on at the moment you're talking about mitts jack johnson yeah yes i am this guy's hands are the size of these ipads this dude jack johnson prime pants they are gigantic it that was the only thing i really could take away from talking to him there was a lot going on where met him, so I'm not sure I got all the words that came out of his mouth, but the only thing I walked away was, holy shit, this dude's mitts are gigantic. Is that an everyday thing for you, I assume? Yeah, that's very accurate. He is like country dude strong. Yeah, that's just how he is. He's a great hockey player, and obviously the Avs do their thing, and the Dallas Stars knock out the Vegas Golden Knights, and in the other game, seven, ladies and gentlemen, a team that came out hot, and then a page was turned, and oh, no, they're going to get got. Ended up getting a massive win in game seven. The Boston Bruins knock out the Toronto Maple Leafs in an absolute thriller that goes to overtime, that sees Posta get a bounce off the boards perfectly and do a little slicing and dicing. And on the other end, there is one man playing goalie who is now second in Bruins history with save percentage and winning a series. An absolute stallion. Ladies and gentlemen, goalie for the Boston Bruins! Jeremy Swinman. Yay! How you doing, Swinman? Hey, guys. How's it going? Hey, fantastic. Not as great as I assume your life is going. Big game tonight, but on Saturday, you get a big seven-game series dub in which you played a majority of the series with a lot of conversation around who should stay who should go how do you feel and what were you just in a zone for the entire series why do you think you were seeing the puck so well I think it was just enjoying every second of it and that allows me to to really embrace the moment and give my all. You know, we all grow up as kids wanting to be in Game 7 overtime and to do it in a Boston Bruins uniform at home and winning it, that was a dream come true. So I'm just really grateful for the opportunity and what an experience it was. Go ahead, AJ. Playing goalie, is it almost like golf sometimes when you hear professional golfers say, oh, I didn't have my best stuff today, but I still found a way. Like, say you in the playoffs, do you ever know early on, hey, I am seeing the puck well tonight, or does it go either way? Do you know early on sometimes how you feel? I think it's a big confidence thing, and it goes through every position. With goalie in particular, you've got to be in the moment. You got to focus on one shot at a time because if I'm not feeling good in a warm-up, if I'm not feeling good even during a game, it's my job to get myself back into the moment and focus on the next shot because I'm worried about other stuff going on that next shot could go in. And so for me personally, the biggest thing I do is just try to find my little resets. You know, even if I'm playing really well, if I'm seeing the puck well, I want to make sure I'm resetting between whistles and do whatever I need to do to stop the next shot because, again, you can't dwell on the past or the future because it's not going to help you make saving the moment. Yeah, and it kind of sucks. I mean, you just had a massive series. Feels like you guys won the entire thing, and now game one is tonight. So, hey, yeah, what have you done for us lately? We move on. You get about 12 hours to celebrate. Hey, big games, yeah. Big win. Knocked out Toronto, yeah. And now we got another one. But I guess that's just the nature of the beast. I read you're from Alaska. Okay, shout out America. Let's go ahead and do that. Have you always played goalie throughout life? Because I know obviously Sidney Crosby back in Pittsburgh, Sidney's center, but he'd play deck hockey, he played goalie, and he saw everything. Did you play any other positions or were you always goaltender? I was fortunate to be able to skate out on ponds every winter. So I was playing offense a lot, and I love scoring goals just as much as I make love and saves. So, you know, I think when I finally chose to become a goalie, my dad wasn't too fired up about it, and I wasn't really taking no for an answer. I always seemed to find myself, you know, getting back in the net, even when I was a little guy in player gear. And once I put the pads on, I never looked back. It I was a little guy in player gear. And once I put the pads on, I never looked back. It only takes like 45 minutes to put the pads on. That's all. That's why we play like street hockey or whatever, never playing goal. Why? Because it takes forever to put all the pads on. But, boy, if you don't put it on right, you know, we're talking. Oh, yeah. I mean, I know you've got a bunch of shit on, right? But but there's holes in there right there's holes in there oh yeah rib shots the hand gets beat up a lot you know up on the collarbone i got like a i don't know it feels like a broke thing twice it's just it's the nature of the beast and whenever you get a ringer off the head you know you just got to realize you signed up for the position so you got to love it you're giving a lot of self talk you wanted this your fault yeah turn around lift the helmet up do a little water spray like hey you this is what you signed up for you go ahead and get the let's get the eyes back in this entire thing yeah because you know you can you have you have to no-sell that right because you can't act like you're in pain either that's a big part of it right that sucks i'm so happy i'm not a goalie but swayman happy you're doing it pal happy you're doing it thanks fellas connor who's obviously flying high has a question for you yeah so first of all thank you so much i mean the joy that you brought to boston and new england and bruins fans all over the country on saturday night was unmatched in these last two years but you know obviously last year there was a massive massive season and set records and everything. And then, you know, the Panthers series happens. Game seven, same thing. Overtime on the wrong end of it, though. Does it almost feel like, even though there has been so many big wins for the Bruins these last couple years, that it's almost a monkey off the back to finally get a series under the belt? And now it's like, okay, here we go. We're past the first round, now we are in this thing. And also, how does the body feel? You know, seven-game series, how are the boys feeling? Are we flying high? Is it nice to be in some Florida-Tampa weather? What are we thinking down there? I think Pat said it best is you can only feel good about it for five minutes and you've got to move on. It is the nature of the beast. And exactly the next day after game seven we were on a plane and and got to Florida right away and I think you know what I'm so impressed about this team especially is with our past experience with with multiple game sevens in the first round and not coming out on top just the positivity that we have in our leadership the culture that we have in our locker room allowed us to to keep that positive mindset throughout this series. And it was a really special feeling coming out on top finally. And I think, you know, Connor, you said it great where we can use that momentum going into this next round. And there's almost a positive where we didn't really have that rest to reset. We're still in that mindset of, hey, this is our speed. This is the way we play. And this is the way we're going to attack this next round. And, you know, we want to stay in the moment. And I think a lot of the guys are feeling really good. And we're really fortunate not to have too many injuries right now. But, you know, none of us are going to admit it, at least. So we're going to do whatever we need to do to get this series started off right tonight. Oh we need to do to get this series started off right tonight. Just saying, you got two collarbones. Last question here for you, Jeremy. Obviously, as the next round against the Florida Panthers drops the puck tonight, Florida Panthers fan and also G1 pit crew member, Fernando Norris. Loser. Have some respect. Have some respect. Loser. I want to ask you, Jeremy, as a former defenseman myself, as a defensive guy, you always took extra pride in being better than the other defense that was on the field that you were playing that week. Is that the same thing with goalies? Obviously with Bob being in net for us, do you guys take any extra pride in being the best goalie in the ice for that game or that series? I think the best way to approach it is I want to compete against myself you know it's it's my job to to raise the standard of my play and and when you look out on the other end of whoever you're playing against they're a very worthy opponent this league is is incredibly talented and every night you're playing against a top tier goalie and they're going to do whatever they can to stop the puck and that's my job too so I think the mindset going into it is, yeah, it feels good to play against these incredible goalies such as Bobrovsky, and it's just an honor. And my job is to stop more pucks than them, and that's something that I love doing and I'm excited to. Hey, congrats on a great first series. You played fantastic. You're making a lot of fans of the Boston Bruins. Even though the city of Boston is tough for some people to rally behind, what you guys are doing is awesome to watch. Ladies and gentlemen, goalie for the Boston Bruins! Jeremy Swayman, thank you, pal. Okay, they take on the Florida Panthers. That series starts in, obviously, last year. Florida Panthers ended the Boston Bruins' miraculous season quickly in early in the first series. I like the question about Bob because he's got great goaltending coming up the Bruins. Oh, getting a point in the half. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Oh, we're dogs in this series. Big time. It's a big goal. I hope it goes seven. Well, we talked to Kachuk last week. They got a good one down there. Yes, they do. He's a tough guy. Oh, yeah. I mean, he's got blood from Massachusetts running through his veins. What do you expect? Of course. What do you expect? You think Kachuk was down there at G1? I doubt he was down there. He's not an asshole. Was that on Saturday or Sunday? Whoa. Sunday. Because it rolled right in after game seven. The actual Grand Prix was on Sunday, but the qualifying. Grab asses on Saturday? Oh, the qualifying. Yeah, qualifiers on Saturday. They had a sprint race on Saturday, too. Did you say Grand Prix? Yeah, Grand Prix. It was Grand Prix. I call it Grand Prix. How many hands were you shaking down there? A lot of hands? A of hands a lot yeah yeah this this this year uh tom cruise you see tom cruise he took a tire off and they said he's in a pit crew yeah he took a tire off he's like wow okay guys i saw brookheimer jerry jerry okay movie producer yeah of course producer uh top gun the last one he might have he's got his name on everything is he the guy in the video that I saw whenever Tom Cruise was jumping off the cliff on a motorcycle? No. Huh? No, a different guy. I don't know who Jerry Bruckheimer is, but he sounds like a dog. He is. He's a dog. Conor, maybe? Jumped on Elle Duncan. Was doing her show down there. Pirates of the Caribbean. Did a hit with her. I ESPN was doing some Pirates of the Caribbean. Yeah, Bruckheimer's got his thingies and everything. Oh, look at Dee Butch doing an interview. That was a weapon. Hey, Gary. Guy holding the camera there. College Game Day digital show as well. See him every single week. Weapon. Good brain. He's willing to do whatever. We like this guy. Like the cut of his jib. I like the cut of this guy's jib. He's a cameraman right now. He'll edit. He has crew. It is great. And L, obviously. Absolute stud for ESPN. And a lot of coverage on this G1. A lot of coverage. I tried to turn on SportsCenter to see what I missed, potentially, from some of the games that I couldn't watch fully. All it was was this G1 patty cake thing going on. AJ, I was all right. How long has it been called G1? I'm not sure. I think I put the tweet out. I have a tweet out here. Yesterday. G1 race down in Miami. It looks like pretty solid. Is the race actually cool, though? Like, is the race cool or is it just cool that you get to walk around and shake hands with Jay Leno on these? Come on. The race is cool. The race sucks. So, the race sucks. So the race, honestly, the most exciting part of the race, which is going to sound crazy, is the first turn. The first turn is the most, you know, action. You probably like that with a lot of racing. Is anybody crashing? First turn, yeah. This one was pretty crazy. That's a problem. A little bump. First turn, it's a lot of action there. And then, obviously, you've got to be strategic. You've got to You know, the tire degradation, all that stuff. And then obviously you're rubbing into some takeovers. Such a mark, bro. Are you kidding me? Look at that car. Are you kidding me? Oh, yeah. An album post. Looks pretty sweet. D-Butt on Friday is like, yeah, I don't know if I'm going to go. I opened my phone this weekend. D-Butt's everywhere over there. Of course, he's going. Got in front of an IndyCar bush. They do it, though. The setup, like, you can see why. Oh, so cool. That $10 billion offer came in to Steven Ross. They really do it right down there. And, you know. Is Ocho training for TST or not? He's in TST with that hat. He looked in shape. He's always in shape. Isn't he always in shape? He looked in great shape. Yeah, Italian man behind you, too. For sure. I saw Pujols. Guy's got some. Albie? Pujols in the building. Let's go. Still looks like he could hit about 500 right now. Why is that guy Italian? Who's the evil villain between your guys' heads? Oh, yeah, with the round glasses. Who is that? Is that Coach Pagano? You need to know more there. Yeah. Mark Anthony. Wow. What about Pitbull, Mr. Worldwide? I didn't see Pitbull. What? He never can. What about Drake and Kendrick? You see them? Pretty active weekend. Yeah. New Dolphins, RBJ down there. I heard it was a TKL. Chubb looked good. Did you see Joe Burrow? Joe Burrow looked cool. I didn't see Joe Burrow was there. I assume Kelsey was there. They all looked super cool. Fanatics guy was there. Fanatics guy was there. He was staying on the grid. Yeah, of course. Doing that one. I saw Raptor actually leg dropped Reuben later in the day. What happened? The holster jumped off the top of one of the paddocks, leg dropped Reen later in the day. Really? Yeah. What'd he say? Just like, you got it coming to you, dude! Get ready, brother! And then popped up and obviously boom, got the whole crowd going. That was actually to start the race, I think. Oh, was that the ceremony? I'll watch. Ceremonial Hogan atomic leg drop off the paddock. You ran into uh rap sheet down in kentucky yeah he was at uh friday night like a sports illustrated party thing and all of a sudden rap sheet and lear right there man just hanging out you guys are at sports illustrated parties whoa yeah there's something like there's a party thing you go to on friday we we go to and then yeah this is the first year with the sports illustrated thing chain smokers were playing and we all of a sudden rap sheet and lear up, looking nice. Yeah, I got to chat with them for a while. I saw Rap. That's great to hear. We hope you sent our regards to Rapaport. He posted that he didn't go to the track, actually, to watch the race. He was hanging out at another place. I don't know if you saw his Instagram post. It was like at a. Thank you, Jeep. What are you talking about? What a loser. He didn't have to. Rap-a-port is not a loser. Yeah, look what you're wearing. We got to move over. I saw Seth Freaker-Rollins down there. Did you run into him? Oh, Seth Freaker-R saw, but I did not see Seth. I really didn't. Seth Rollins balled. I hope not. That was real high and tight if he's not balled. Super high and tight. He keeps it pretty high and tight, though, because he's got the long hair, but he also does the lines on the bottom of the hair. And he might have tucked that in the Abraham Lincoln hat. Oh, yeah. Yes. Rollins keeps it real high and tight, too Rowans. Where's he at? He's on the Island of Relevancy right now, hanging out. The guy just went on the longest run in history. That would be real high, real tight, but it could be all tucked up in the fedora, I guess. Yeah, it's tucked in there. Yeah, I hope so. You could have found out for us, but guess what you were doing? Smoothing with Kid Rock and his Patriots. Is that J.D. in the middle? Oh, McDonough. McDonough's taking a bump off one of the horses. McDonough actually is running in front of one of those horses. Is he okay? Like the woman in the game? Bro, McDonough's starting to win me over. In Afromania, I will not say another bad word about the wrestling of J.D. McDonough. McDonough's willing to just die. He'll do whatever. And that's why we love him. That's why we love him. Absolutely. There's AJ's creepy shot of Kid Rock from a couple suites over. Obviously, it was a hell of a weekend for sport. That fell buckle, man. Josh Groban right behind him. Who? Josh Groban, the guy that sings, what, You Lift Me Up? He sang that Friday night. I saw him on the red carpet. Whatever it is, yeah. What does he sing? Sing a con. Didn't he win one of the competitions? Like American Idol or something? Who are we talking about? The bald-headed guy looking away? No. With the beard and... The guy right there that looks like curly hair mitt. Oh, that's Josh Groban? Yeah. He can sing, man. He tore it down at that sports illustrated ai party uh no he's saying at the uh this barnstable party that we go to every friday but i saw marty smith did he interview the winner did you get to see that no i turned off tv but if marty's interviewing somebody i'll definitely go back and check it out early in the day he popped up and he's there and we're talking to him and i was like what do you what do you have to do he said i gotta interview the winner and i'm like is that the jockey the owner the trainer he's like well a little bit everyone and i was that's exactly what happened i tried to i was trying to convince him hey please ask one one question to the horse and then put the mic up to his little baby mouth and please can you find a way to work this in and we workshopped for about five minutes marty he was open to the idea but i didn't think he was going to be able to pull that off. I think he was receptive to the idea at the time because he likes good brainstorm sessions. He's never going to bring an umbrella to the brainstorm. Shout out to Marty. That's why we love him. We saw you guys on TV. Half your face was kind of in the corner. You guys letting Aaron have some room? Is that what that was all about? I don't know. I didn't see. I saw a screenshot of We're kind of four yards away as if he was in the middle of an ayahuasca ceremony. The internet was kind of saying, oh, Aaron probably doesn't shower anymore, so AJ's not sitting close. People are thinking he didn't smell because of how hot it was, but we know that's not the case. He's a very clean gentleman. Here it is. Look at you, AJ. Oh, okay. We were kind of crammed in. You're there about eight, nine hours each day hanging out. Hey, add a baby money team Ed down there at the bottom left. Yeah, go look at Ed. Ed's a stud. Bakhtiari was there. Did you learn anything? About what? He's a free agent. Is his knee still hurt? Where's he going? Oh yeah, I don't know. Where's he going? You're an asshole. We'll be back tomorrow. This has been Right on cue Right on cue I mean I hate a fucking dinger there We asked you AJ You were just with the fucking guy You're an asshole I didn't even I mean honestly I don't even know What his situation is Is he on the Packers anymore? He plays tackle He's a free agent Do you even Like are you here? I know you're here And you always say I live in the moment so much You don't even remember happen, but we have certainly talked about Bakhtiari getting released from the Packers, being a free agent, potentially going to the Jets, and then even talked about, ooh, him versus MetLife Turf is going to be a fun little game. So this all came up. We were telling him he was going to the Jets all week, yeah. Oh, okay. So that was a... Devontae, too. Did you tell him that? Oh, yeah. I said, yeah, Devontae, I think he's going to the Jets as well. Yeah. Oh, he's a writer. So this was a conversation, but he's just deciding not to say anything. No, it was not a conversation about where he was going. But, no, Devontae loves AP. I know that much. He loves that squad. How could you not after we met him and chatted with him? It feels like the perfect guy paying him to play out there. He and Max Crosby, Pillars, they did a podcast, The Rush Pod. I think clips are awesome coming out of that. I would assume the entire episode is. But, yeah, quite a crew there. Jimmy Graham probably flew there himself. Yeah, for sure. He did. He did. But he flew down to some IndyCar thing where he was driving IndyCars in Ohio. That's where he went first before he went to What did he fly? A plane? A helicopter? Scuba? One of his planes. I love everything about Jimmy Graham. His Instagram is so awesome. He is the most interesting person. He's rowing around the world. Next summer, he's rowing around the world, I guess. No, it's not rowing. It's sailing. I don't know. He's rowing. No, he's on a row crew. They're going to row. It's a massive thing. It's a whole deal. He was going to sail around the world. He's rowing on a I don't know how many people are on there rowing, but they're going to row across wherever. No, that's not smart. I've seen that, AJ. It's insane. I thought that was like the Arctic Circle thing that he was doing with the rowing. Yeah, he's rowing. No, we're calling Jimmy Graham right now. Oh, yeah, because Rap has the form. I think Rap's in consideration to make the team. Where'd he go to school? Columbia. No graduation this year. Graduation has been canceled. Due to lack of hustle. Figure it out. He did go to Columbia. He was part of the crew team. I wonder if they have an alumni weekend this weekend or anything. Was he supposed to speak after graduation? I think they want him to come speak just on campus, just in general. Oh, nice. Jimmy Graham, the Arctic Challenge. The impact of the Arctic Challenge goes far beyond the four athletes in the Arctic Ocean. With the mission to inspire young minds, the team aims to challenge the next generation to push beyond their limiting beliefs and chart their own course the arctic challenge rowing the arctic ocean what the fuck dude it's you don't have to that's not the ocean you want to row it yeah it's right there in the first couple weeks i think it takes like i don't know 15 20 days or something wow it's cold it's cold but he's hey he's inspiring people to know that you too can sign up for death missions. Yeah. I wonder if he sees the path to the other dimension up there. I was going to say, I wonder if Aaron sent him on this mission to roll the Arctic Ocean to see with Donner. Look around for a hole. Find the portal. Find the portal. Look around. Has your... Just check. Keep your eye out. See if there's anything. You better like those people you're rowing with, too, man. Yeah, because you're going to be in between their legs. Yeah, I almost want to hate them. They just dump it all over the place. Get me the fuck off this boat. There ain't nothing like being on a canoe with one fuck that can't. Oh, boy. Not pulling their weight, either. Oh, I hope you're having a good time. Hope you're having a good time. We're going in a goddamn right-hand circle. Get a fucking one of these, please. That's like a two-person kayak. Same thing. Gotta have a good tag team partner. It's like whenever you're earthquaking out there in Utah. Exactly. That'll ruin a honeymoon. Speaking of, great tweet out of ZD Baby this weekend. WWE Backlash, which is WrestleMania Backlash, which is the first premium live event. Doesn't sound anywhere near as good as pay-per-view, but it is. It's not a pay-per-view anymore. So it's a premium live event. It technically is, though, because you do still have to buy Peacock Network. Yeah, but you're not paying for just the show. True. You're paying for the whole thing. So pay-per-view is the thing. You're not exactly doing that, but I still think they should go back to it. I like pay-per-view. I like it. It's premium live events, though. P.L.E.s. Okay. P.L.E.s. They did it in France. They did SmackDown in Lyon, France the night before, and then they did Backlash in Lyon, France. My birthday, Thursday, wife set up a night. Shout out to my wife being awesome. Baby girl's birthday, Saturday, May 4th, first birthday. Wife set up something awesome. Had a fantastic weekend. Obviously would never miss daughter's birthday for anything work-wise, especially the first birthday. Can't do that. Boy, I saw that French crowd and I thought to myself, I got to experience that at least once in my life they were fucking awesome aj i don't know if you've seen any of these videos i saw clips it looked yeah it looked crazy the whole fucking place 12 000 people the whole thing the whole time yelling screaming chanting it was like the hooligans of soccer this is them they were singing some song about him being vremont phenomenal i eat vremont phenomenal or whatever because he's known as the phenomenal one and this song i've never heard before i don't know if it's been sung before in other places that he's been like maybe new japan or any of the european places he wrestled or worldwide places it was my first time hearing it they were going fucking crazy i couldn't understand what they're saying i'm like are they on his side or are they against him? Because he was wrestling against Cody Rhodes. And then Cody Rhodes goes, they go bananas. Jey Uso comes out. The entire arena is doing the heat, which we've been doing for months in every single arena. It is electrifying. They turn the lights off, give them flashlights. The whole fucking place is in on it. It was awesome. I is in on it. It was awesome. I mean, and I hope Jey Uso took that all in. He has earned the shit out of that from years and years and years and years of work. And now he's got Lyon, France going bananas to his entrance. It was sweet. It was a great weekend. Hey, bonjour, ça va? Ça va bien? Merci beaucoup pour la hospitality au WWE. French people. Un, deux, trois for the pin. That was awesome. And then they sang a chant after every two. It was something like, oh, and then it was like a this is awesome chant, I think, immediately afterwards into a full sing, song, and dance. There was people saying, hey, are you in a safe place? Because the amount of noise that is being made right now seems to be potentially alarming. It was so sweet. It was awesome to watch. And shout out to the WWE Universe being so global as Michael Cole yeeted in his way because he's got to tell like 14 stories at the same time. he's bouncing how could you not this is their second language and they're falling in love with the stories and the product it's like shout out to france shout to the wwe what a fucking weekend yeah what a week have they done events there before uh yeah so i think they've done like house shows they do a european tour They'll send shows over, and they'll go do shows over there and everything. And I think there's some tryouts normally associated with the shows. But I don't think they're really televised ever. And everybody that's wrestled over there in the past has basically been like, hey, France is the real deal. So this is the first time. And it had the highest gate in the history of an arena show for the wwe which means they could have sold a shit ton more tickets yeah which means they'll probably be in a stadium the next time they go back it's like what a weekend for the wwe and what a weekend for me respect wise for leon for him oh yeah seriously through the roof yeah shout out to that place putting on a show there's um i mean even the the day before just like the the press conference that they had outside people were going apeshit and you know i mean i guess you you can come to expect that because everywhere we've been with the wwe like the fans are rabid but obviously over there when you don't really get to experience it as often as we do in the states like they showed up ensuring that they'll come back all right let's get to a break then we'll wrap up this glorious overreaction Monday on the other side. Talk about the things we haven't talked about enough, and then we'll go into a big-time Tuesday with the Bruins taking on the Florida Panthers tonight. Monday night, we're all live from Connecticut. King of the Ring tournament starts tonight. Okay. Okay. Tomorrow's a big day, obviously. Be a friend. Tell tomorrow's a big day obviously be a friend tell a friend something nice might change your life take fight i'm mic'd up so let's not say anything you're the head coach i didn't get that nod i'm a speech right there high street's still Yeah. Coach, thanks for having us. Do I have any eligibility left? No. I don't. Nasty natty. This a game winner I took away from you? Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, that's all right. Love you, bro. Let's go on these. Hey, boys, I have no idea how, but we're in the lead right now. Y'all ready? Y'all ready to go? Get it, man. Ball out. We are currently in the lead. Did you know that? I did not know that. Blue squad on three. One, two, three. Blue squad. Let's throw it to the gold team, Nico. I need a defensive player to come talk to me. Tell me what the hell is being called right now. I don't think he tackled him there in real life. Did we just bring a point of blitz on the field? Yeah. I just learned that Let's go. Keep contained! Oh, you should, come on. Did you put your four up over there, Pat? Put your four up, G. Put your four up, G. Oh my god, this guy. This NIL thing, nobody even puts their fours up anymore. Go on for two, go on for two, go on for two. Where's my kicker? Tell him I apologize. Spin it, bud! Spin it! 100% of the passes thrown out of bounds are incomplete! You only got one ball? You guys only got one good ball? Yeah. You have officially become my kicker. That's what I'm talking about, big dog. Good kick. Forget Pat Mack. Yup! Yup! Yup! Good kick, dog, good kick. But get Pat Matt. Yup, yup, yup. Yeah, good for you. The wind picked up at your back, too, as you were catching a snap. Kind of helped. What a dream. Yeah! There we go. Yeah, coach. Yeah, coach. Yeah, coach. Yeah, coach. Yeah, coach. Yeah, coach. Thank you, boys. Thank you, boys. Thank you, boys. Thank you. That was f***ed up. Thank you, boys. Thank you, guys. If you're the NCAA and you're sitting in that stupid office in Indianapolis where we happen to live, it's a great city. It's a great town. And there's a dumb institution that is ruling over college football. Because if you don't want these people dancing. Celebration. I'm a V.A. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Kurtz Ignite it! Do we like the NCAA? Do we like Pat? Do we love the Dukes? I wish when I was asked, like, why did you punt, I could say my subcommittee recommended I punt. Fuck your shit. Fuck your shit. Fuck your shit. Fuck your shit. This guy's hot. This guy's hot. I say today we take a stand against the NCAA let them bowl Let them bull! Let them bull! Rest in peace, Dale. Moment of silence for Dale Earnhardt. Moment has passed. Thank you, Dale. This one's for three. AJ Hawk, $5,000. This has been one of the coolest moments Of my entire professional life JMU Thank you so much coolest moments of my entire professional life. J.M.U. Thank you so much for the hospitality. J.M.U. You understand quickly that there's idiots making decisions in every single place, that you would never guess idiots's idiots making decisions in every single place. That you would never guess idiots would be making decisions. You don't think bowl season deserves to have this situation cooking behind it? College football is better because JMU's football is crushing. College is better because what their football team is doing. The community is better. College is better because what their football team is doing. The community is better. And the NCAA, the other day, adds to their long list of decisions. Look at that scene, bro, in the hills of Virginia. You know what? To hell with all of them. James Madison. I am. That chef looks damn good I'd eat that guy's feet any day of the week if you're able to bury this 33 yard field goal kicking as easy as what you have said to kickers before others have on the internet now 90 racks on the line we believe oh kill the kid kill the kid 90 racks on the line. We believe. Oh! Killed a kid! Killed a kid! Our worst kid yet! 100 racks of charity. This dog stinks! And that's at the JMU! Are they going to crush App State? They would crush anybody this weekend, especially in this city with how dumb the NCAA is. Let them bowl and let the boys dominate today. In my constitution, I have the First Amendment right to free speech. Pat has the Second Amendment right to take its sleeves off and show the bare arms all the time. But I'm saying, if we are so lucky to go undefeated this year, and we end up winning in a bowl game, if we get in, I'm going to use my First Amendment to declare the JMU Dukes national champions. My hell of a CF. I'm just going to say it. And come and stop me. Time to go. I'm Jack. I love this one. I love this one. stop me They'll have one loss cuz I'm state is being Place You, Mountaineers, baby. They've got a dog shit all over this dumb place. App State forever. Yeah. Fuck you, too. How about that? Sweet 16 tonight, AJ. It's a big deal. Opening day today, big deal. What are your thoughts on sports really having a big day on this particular Thursday? I don't know what it's like in your guys' algorithm in your world, but I don't hear a whole lot about opening day, where I'm from. Nope. You? We don't have a team in Columbus. Yeah. I'm the Reds fan, and there's a lot of Indians are Guardians fans. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Oh, man, you massage-nistic pig. Bye-bye, pal. Get me off the screen with this thing. Good run, AJ. Hope you enjoyed your media career because it's over. God. That's it. By the way, let's check with the ump on third. He did. He did. Yes, he did. Did I finish it? Yeah, you did. I don't know. I don't know. Anyways, the Commanders of Cleveland. Yes, they are very good baseball players. People love them. This man's playing for us. He played for the Indianapolis Indians. Whoa! That's not his name. That's not his name. That's their name. You cannot say that. That's still the team name. Oh, my God. That's their name. That's their name. It's never changed. They have not changed it. Nope. Indianapolis will not change that one. They're not changing a lot. How about the Guardians? What else we got going on? How about the Cleveland Commanders? Cavs? Yeah. They're good. Commanders. the commanders. What do they do? He's talking about the Cleveland Guardians. Guardians, bro. Guardians. Yeah, a piece of... I still call them the Indians. Oh, my God. You sack of shit. These people in Ohio just won't learn. You peaches. 2024. I still reference them as the Cleveland Indians. Stop it. Stop it. We got it. We're the Guardians. That's the name. The Guardians. And I also don't say the Ohio State University. I just say Ohio State. Oh, okay. Well, that's very noble of you. Very noble. They're going to have a different January 6th in Ohio this year. I can't believe this. Hey. What? Let's go! This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, You pink! Stop! Stop! Dammit! Be a friend to other friends. Something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people. Hey, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this glorious Overreaction Monday, May 6th, 2024, Hour 3. The program starts now. Sports are awesome, even when they involve horses. That's A.J. Hawk. He was at the race this weekend in Kentucky. The Talks of the Table is here at Boston Connor and at Ty Schmidt. One half of the hammer, down. Cowboys 10, Diggs here. Hey, looking good, Ty. Thank you, brother. I appreciate that. You too. A little baggier sweatshirt today so we don't get to see your fit look that you're rocking these days. Well, I checked the weather today. It was supposed to be a little rainy, so I figured I could rock the sweatshirt, but it doesn't look like it rained at all. You know, rain makes corn. Corn makes whiskey. Whiskey makes my baby. A little bit more of here. It's a banger. I tried to sing that alongside Luke Bryan down at College Game Day in Georgia. You remember that? Oh, yeah. Then I said Tennessee also makes whiskey. Sorry about it. And it turns out that Georgia team was unbeatable. They were pretty good that year. I was completely wrong. Could have been more wrong. But, yeah, it did call for a little bit of rain. But I think we're in a warm time officially you know there's a chance that a phantom snow can come there is flying through always indianapolis we're hoping that's not the case with these new storms that are coming in tornadoes still happening let's keep an eye out and uh t's and p's to everybody you know in the midwest um darius j butler is here amanda was down at the g1 race uh lando norris first time he's won in 110 starts we're all happy him. I saw him after the race sprinted to his crew and then did a headfirst dive, and then they did a body thing. It was cool to see the genuine camaraderie it felt like of each team. Is that what each team is like? Because it feels like it's so, how do I say, shallow, superficial. Bullshit. Bullshit, yes, it does. But it did feel like a genuine kinship and a genuine love amongst the teams is that what we're missing out on man yeah for sure because obviously just like football hockey basketball these other team sports like it takes everybody so all those engineers all the people to pick crew um everybody especially for him you know 110 starts a lot of people a lot of fan bases give him a bunch of shit for not having that win, for finally getting his first win. They suck. They were terrible last year, so they come a long way this season. Okay. Thank you for being a journalist, Don. Thank you. Yeah. Needed that. But snow? We get snow in May here? Oh, yeah. Don't get a phantom snow out of here out of nowhere. It'll come. You know, you got rain in California and the desert. There's a lot going on right now. But that pullover looks like it could handle anywhere from negative 20 to 120. Yeah, but if it was 50 degrees, he would put two hoodies on top of this. For sure. It's about 50 in here. Oh, come on. Close. 67. What? 67? 63. Feels like it's about 85 in here right now. Things are heating up. You in here right now. Things are heating up. You know what else? We got an update, ladies and gentlemen. We tried to FaceTime Jimmy Graham, obviously last hour, to chit-chat about what he was doing in Ohio, and then obviously he was over at the Derby, flew himself over there, and then he's getting in a rowboat, and he's doing the Arctic Ocean soon, to inspire young people that you can do fucking impossible things you're not supposed to do that have a bunch of red flags since titanic all the way till now yeah of course well he couldn't answer the facetime obviously because he's flying a fucking plane oh is that how you're supposed to fly is he reading or got his legs yeah he didn't post these a lot he just lounged he's got autopilot on he's got it all situated oh it's easy i'm happy he's got the windshield wipers up there. I didn't know planes. What's he reading? It's probably some Arctic Ocean adventure book. He's going to probably fill out. Hey, do you feel like he'll ever be? What? Just chill. Just have a cup of coffee? No. How much more chill does he get than that? Yeah. Next kick back, book open. That's what he wants. He wants us to bring the whole show down to his hangar in Miami where he has everything parked and do a bunch of stuff from down there. Yeah. They're going to space again. You see that? Oh, yeah. Who? Jimmy? Space X. Shatner? William Shatner? No, he's not going back ever, Star Wars and of Unexplained, which is a host about a lot of alien stuff, went up to space and said, there's nothing up there. It's so sad. Never go. It ruined my entire life. I'm dead. Don't do it. He said that'll... For shoot, that is exactly the experience that he described. Yes. SpaceX, though, I think we sent... I think they're going higher. I don't know if it existence for humans or whatever it's like wait a minute that's you just said that out loud for us all to hear for a reason so we're gonna be living on a different planet sweet they found a new rock on mars i saw very smooth very smooth look like it was uh shaped by something like a lake yeah pretty smooth. It looked like it was shaped by something. Something with a lake. Yeah, maybe water. But if it was water polishing it, then that'd be huge news as well. Probably buzz up there. Just kids on it. What's that? Would you ever go? I was... Nah. $250,000, I think, is the one going right. I don't think I want to go. I'm not going to be one of the first ones. You'd go chill on Mars for a little bit if they figure that one out. What is that, like a 96-day flight? Maybe. It's like seven years. If they figure that out, if they figure out how to make that a 30-40 minute trip, I would certainly go pop in. I'd go pop into Mars. In our lifetime? Yeah, I think Elon, Bezos, I think they figured out. Well, Boeing's getting into the game, which is good. I wouldn't go on a Boeing. Well, they're flying planes from one part of America to another part of America. I don't think we should talk about that at all. And now they're heading up to... We shouldn't talk. Even I am staying away from I don't even know anything about Boeing. Good. Cut that. Keep it that way. They're sending rockets all of a sudden. They got into the rocket game. Don't even say the name. Is Bezos still doing it? Well, that's the Blue Mountain or whatever. Yeah, Blue Origin. I never hear about them. Are they still doing it? Blue Origin. I think this has become billionaire Elon's thing, you know, and he's the greatest land themselves that the capsule comes down and lands on a barge itself upright somehow. And he's the best digger of all time. Like he built. He's a tunnel digger. Like that is one of his businesses. And all these other planets, we get pictures of the outside. It's like. What if they're on the inside? Have we have we found out if they're on the... What if they're inside of there? Have we found out if they're on the... But all this goes back to my point of... We went to the moon before there was internet. Goddamn right, sure. Before there were cell phones. All of it. We even got a call from them. Yeah. At the moon. Haven't been to the moon. No need to. Too far. Too far slash mapped everything. We needed a map when we were up there. But we were there in 19... Yeah, what was it? 60, 62, 63? That range? Hell yeah, we did. Something like that. We won the space race. We certainly did. Sorry. Sure. Sorry, Russia. D-Buck! D-Bud. That's what we did. What did you say, D-Bud? Come on now. We got there. We got there, didn't we? Goddamn right we did. I haven't been back since. You keep talking, Buzz is going to come knocking, and he's going to fucking knock your chiclets out. 1969. July 16th. We went all the way to the moon. Summer of Defense, when it comes to space, he did say, hey, they're inside the moon working as we speak. Don't you worry. And you can look that up verbatim and pull up that article if you want. It's a wild time right now. But the Today Show saying, because that's the national news, you know, that's a big deal. A lot of people watching that. Don't you know X is going to try to have multi-planetary existence for humans? It's like, holy fuck. Is that happening now? I'd like to get up to Mars and snoop around. If they can make that 30-40 minutes, I'm in. As long as it's not cyber trucks up there because I saw one for the first time in person. Here in town? Yeah, there's one around here. There's one right around here. That's the ugliest fucking thing I've ever seen. What? It's flying on the highway. What? Tony. And I know I'm in the right. What do you mean? What the hell? Everybody wants one of those. They're sold out. Shot across the bow. Yeah, what are you saying? You're saying something about Gump because Gump likes it? You're saying that means it's shit? No. That's what you were alluding to. I love Gumpy. Go on. Finish your story. I love you, brother. Why is it ugly? That's why it's ugly. I think it looks... It's supposed to be. It's not supposed to be your work truck. It's supposed to be like, hey's a problem. I do have a ticket. You want one for the office? If that's what the truck's for, then the truck fucking sucks. It's not for going around on a date. Okay. It's for going around town saying, look at me, look at me. Yeah, look at me. I have one of these trucks that sucks. Although, did you see that guy? It doesn't suck. It got recalled because the gas off the top, the glue wasn't good enough, which is problematic. They can't figure out the glue. The sensors in the trunk are pretty sweet. Did you see that guy out here? Put his arm in there and then his hand in there, and then he did the finger test, and oh, no, he got stuck in there. So watch your fingies when you're loading up the trunk. Well, it's the first edition of this thing. We're talking about the Model T, now we've come a long way. There's a lot of things you got to figure. It's not, it's supposed to be like. The cars are cool looking. I like the car, look at the cars. I'm just saying, I'm not a hater of Tesla as, as a general and. Saves the world. Just the truck is ugly as fuck. Yeah. I think that's a part of it though. Okay. Is that it's ugly. Yeah. as a kid that's the truck we drew yeah yeah when you have a sprain and you're four years old that's a lot of that about gronk last night people yeah right man yeah could you watch it last night aj what were your thoughts yeah i going in i'm not gonna lie like i was a bit worried i'm thinking okay it's live you have athletes and roast i've seen some terrible roasts like it's not easy and no matter how much writers and everything you have i thought everyone did great for real like i like that they went for it everyone they absolutely they didn't tiptoe into that thing they went for it i think drew bledsoe kind of set the tone for athletes first when he he jumped off the he gets out there first and goes and he went he went hard man for a little while and when you have i thought i enjoyed uh kevin hart in between everybody like he seemed like he was really enjoying himself. He made it move, even though the thing was super long. I was impressed. You have one of the most famous humans on earth. Obviously, a comedian hosting that thing, throwing to other comedians, doing everything like that, filling time, obviously, because they've got to do some. We've got some gimmicks. Ron Burgundy's coming out here. We've got a TV screen for two bears, one TV, in the middle of that whole thing. They end up getting a Tom Brady being Adolf Hitler. That was good stuff. Julian Edelman, Nicky Glazer, Andrew Schultz. Tony Hinchcliffe had it. He killed it. Oh my God. The bird crusher is king. Looks like Tiger King and Liver King came together. The liver is... Who only eats Burger King. Yeah, and his liver is the color of Martin Luther King getting beat up like Rodney King. I mean, it was just bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. And then just Big Pop just kept it moving right to the next one. Like, Schultz is a killer. And he just one joke and then right to the next one. Not even like a, huh, right? Because a couple of the football guys did some stuff in early, huh? Yeah. Great. I mean, Gronk, we showed the club. Pretty good, yeah. You got to enjoy it. It was good. I thought it was talent, man. I like Bill. on his mic, Bill goes, that was tremendous. And he hugged him. I was so pumped that Bill was so excited for Gronk's set. Yeah, and Gronk took some shots, you know, at old Bill. He did. They all did. That's what was almost my favorite part as a Patriots fan. Seeing the interaction now between retired player and former coach. How about Bill Belichick going, Rodney Harrison isn't in the Hall of Fame. That's the biggest joke of the night. And then you're just like, that's all I got. That was pretty cool. I saw Rodney love that. Yeah, Rodney's a weapon. He's obviously very beloved by Patriot fans, but he's a weapon. Definitely should be in the hall, but I thought Bill was great. Obviously, him on the show on draft night, a lot of people still talk, oh, he's human. We saw a different side of him than him coming out. cut scene he had with Drew and Tom, which was just, I mean, just an absolute thespian. Bill was great. Everybody was great. It was good to see all those guys go back and forth and just kind of rehash all the shit you heard Bill say for 25 years. Oh, I can go to the Foxborough High shit with Edelman and then him not looking for a job. That was all good. Yeah, Edelman crushed, I thought. He did. Danny Amendola took some shots, never got a microphone. Yeah. It's not fair. That was a bummer. It's not fair. You take shots, you got to at least give me 60 seconds. Well, and then you only get 60 seconds sometimes, and then you wonder, you know, how come I only got 60 seconds in this entire thing? Who was that? Was that Perriman that was right over the shoulder of everybody? Just, you know? I'm not sure who Everybody was, honestly. That was Tampa Bay Buccaneers to the right there. On the right side, yeah. Yeah, Jensen, Perriman. I forget who else. Levante in there. Perriman got a lot of screen time. Yeah, right over the shoulder. Prime, prime real estate. Lonnie Paxton. Lonnie Paxton with the hat on, obviously living his best life. Matt Light over there. Rashad Perriman being on stage for the Tom for Tom Brady Roach has to be the most random thing, says Ari. Ryan Jensen, Levante, David, Donovan Smith, and Perriman were the four Bucs players up there. Yeah, he was right over everybody's shoulder the entire time. Good spot. Could have sold some ad space. Yeah, for sure. Right on the forehead if he really wanted to, you know, take advantage of the situation. Peyton Man Simon got killed this weekend on the internet. He did? That was deserved. I hate to see it. What happened? I was just trying to cover the NFL. Was he? Yeah. He posted a video of Saquon and Jalen Hurts working out going, Look out, NFL! The Eagles are working out. This means they're going to win the Super Bowl. And then obviously everybody was like, Wait until the other 31 teams learn how to work out. Do squats Everybody was like, wait until the other 31 teams learn how to work out, do squats. It's that time of the year. And stuff like that. But, yeah, we're finding little things to bury. This is it for NFL news. It kind of culminates with the gross. Now that we're here, the groat. Now that we're here, this is how the NFL offseason truly is. We need one next offseason. We need one next weekend. We need a next offseason. We need one next weekend. We need a group. You guys think Michael Jordan's going to do it? You think Michael Jordan's going to get roasted? He has to. I don't see it happening. Me neither. Does he have the rules? He has the rules. There's no rules. Michael Jordan doesn't have any rules. I was going to say, I don't think he's as affable and as willing to laugh at himself and as want to do that. No, of course not. How about Tiger Woods? See, that's what I'm saying. There's a lot to go on. There's a lot of material. LeBron might do it because he is up on stage with a bunch of cameras. What is this guy's deal? I thought we were roasted. No, he didn't sign up for it. But like Brady, you know, it's like what? Okay, yeah, they're going to make fun of my divorce a bunch, and then they're going to talk about the crypto stuff probably. Anything else, okay, I can handle it. Tiger gets up there, he doesn't want to rehash all that shit. There's no way. And same with Jordan. All this stuff's coming out now. First of all, you look at all of his former teammates, those guys are still scared to death of him. Like none of them are going to get up there and fucking say anything bad about him. What's that? What about Aaron? Would he do it? Oh, Buddy, Aaron's would be loud. I would not want to do that. That would not be a fun thing, you know. I wouldn't want to do the roasting either. Like sitting up there. I don't want any part of that. I don't want any part of it. I was thinking of the guys who are going, like, a little later in the night, having to sit through the beginning. Like, trying to, like, all right, I got to make sure I do my shit. Like, not professional speakers. And then they're also just getting fucking murdered in front of an entire arena. And then zoom-ins on their face. Zoom-ins are, oh, can't take a joke, huh? Okay. Then I signed up. It's like. I was Guerrero, kid. He was clapping, cheesing up every time they got him. Oh, yeah. He's a good man. He's great. Who caught the most strays? Guerrero. Yeah. Gronk. Aaron Hernandez. I mean, Gronk. Everyone had a Gronk, had at least one line on The more famous you are, the bigger target, obviously. Yeah. Because everybody knows you. So did Gronk and Julian know who all was going to be up there on that particular side? You know? Because everybody, I think, has respect for Randy Moss. Right. So I don't think Randy's going to get targeted by anybody. But on the flip side, all anybody said about the comedians, who are very famous in this generation of comedy, we don't know who you are. That's not easy to roast. Yeah. Gronk. We know Gronk. That's an easy target. Good for Gronk getting up here, too. I don't think. Did he know? Who knows? That's basically what everybody was saying. More impressive if that was the case. You know, what is this a row so we're eating a pig and a cow sure a roast like hawaii like a luau i'm fucking pumped dude and he sits down everybody's being real mean thank you for taking a break for taking writing letters of santa that was the first thing yeah yeah i'm spiking the glass thing oh yeah i heard I heard you talking about that. I instantly was like, did that go in somebody's eyeball? I think that was definitely. I thought night was ruined. I thought it was over right there. Because big money front row. Yeah. I mean, even Tom was right behind him, right? Like, that should go anywhere. He gave one of these. Tom. Remember on ESPN, even when they smashed those little baby plastic helmets, they put on the safety goggles. Yeah, we can't be doing that, I don't think. What do you mean? Which part? Plastic and ice. Yeah, I understand. It never happens, though. Until it does. You're right. You're right. I guess I should. I'll pick a different hill. I'll pick a different hill. That's a good point. Yeah, you're right. Okay. All right. All right. I appreciate it. Did you get to see that Methy, the United States soccer player, who's considered the greatest of all time, has broken an MLS record in the Miami team that wasn't able to make the fucking playoffs last year, even though Messi won 10 games that didn't count somehow during the schedule, so they didn't make, feels like they're the wagon this year. Gumpy, what was the record, and is this inter-Miami team with Suarez and the boys about to go on a run and win the best league for soccer in the entire world? Him and Suarez are putting the team on their back. They are not priced like they were last year, though. They were minus 130 on Saturday night. They won 6-2 against the New York Red Bull. If Messi and Suarez play, they're winning that game. What was the record he broke? Most goal contributions. Sound it out! An MLS match. Goals and assists. He had five assists, one goal? Yes. He counted for the whole game. Yes, he counted. 10 assists. Damn. So he had five assists, one goal? Yes. Yep. And did this game count? It counted for the whole game. Yes, it did count. I mean, it's hard. They're not in the U.S. Open Cup this year because of all the bullshit that was talked. They pick and choose when the games count. The U.S. Open Cup. That's not what the MLS does. Let's just say that right now. How about they can lose the rest of the games and Messi can do whatever the fuck he wants and they make the playoffs because that's all that matters. Some more big names coming over. Olivier Giroud is joining LAFC. Get the fuck out. Yes, he's very good. He's actually a dog. Are you kidding me? Woo, woo, Joe Rue. Let's go. Yes, brother. I love that. Olivier Giroux. Who else? From France. Very handsome Frenchman. Already sellouts everywhere. Who else, brother? Biggest crowds ever, actually. AJ, if you checked it. Yeah, New England actually did have the biggest crowd. And Missouri. Everywhere Messi goes, brother. He's the Beatles. That's the MLS. Andrew. All these games matter. He's just going to miss the playoffs. That works. Which goes back to what Tyler said. Because he's joined halfway through the damn league. Doesn't matter. Who cares? Doesn't matter. The dignity of the league, I get it. Okay. All right. Messi's dig me. Methi's here. Let's put him in the playoffs. Yeah. And then let's see what matters when it matters. Oh, no. We need the Vancouver Whitecaps to be the number three seed. Well, he was actually hurt at the end of the year anyway, so he wouldn't have played in the playoffs if they made it. Well, that wasn't a real injury. They said if it was playoff ball, he would have been actually playing. Yeah. This of the year, yes. But since they were in the playoffs, he's out. Same with Methy. That's what I heard. If he wants to cement his legacy, he knows he's got one trophy missing. The MLS motherfucking cup. MLS MFC. Boom. We know it. We love it. I do like that they do at the end of the year like that. That they actually have a playoffs at the end of the year. Other soccer doesn't do that. You just win the league and then that's it. I do appreciate there is an actual playoffs at the end of the year. Not to sound too America's better than everybody because there's certainly parts where we're not, but when it comes to sport, you see what we did to your hockey game. You're welcome. See what we're doing to soccer now, putting playoffs in. I assume we're going to create some other stuff because we're incredibly ADHD. We get bored quickly, and we have so many other things. We'll start doing more stuff. Now, we need Europe's fans. We need great fans. We need their skills, but I think America will do some stuff to the game that hopefully will soup it up a little bit. We'll bitch enough until we get to where we want it to be. Bingo. We will be the ones that will whine and bitch until we get to a spot where it's a little. Now, granted, people are going to hate it. Sure. But for us, I think with Methi's success, I do think soccer is on the up and up. Like this TST thing, a lot of people got teams in there. Chris Paul's got a team in there. JJ's got a team in there. Ocho's going to be in there. We obviously have a team in there. I think Allie Krieger, old school U.S. women's national team has a team in there. It's going to be televised, I think. Why not soccer? Does Matt say anything? I try to get Messi on our team. Can't KFA, but... He's still a professional. Wrexham, Ryan has a squad in it. Ryan Reynolds is going to be down there. Swansea has got a team in it. Is he playing? Yeah, is Ryan Reynolds playing? He's got a big movie coming out, so I don't know. Yeah, big press junk. Did you see the movie The Rock's doing? What's he doing? He's fighting people? Smashing machine. UFC, is that what we're talking about? Yeah, he was doing. First day of MMA He is. I didn't know if he was Daffy Ducking it. He is. I think he is. He's really swinging at this guy. I mean, how does this work? We just get to hire somebody just to fight him? Yeah, I would not want to be The Rock's training partner. That's for sure. He is wearing his tights. This other guy is really throwing bombs at him, huh? Oh, good sell. Good sell. Good sell. Cassell, Cassell. Hey, Rock and Celle, if you have to. Boy. What's going on, Darius? The first 50. I'm not going to see it. No, this is a mixture between acting and video. Pin his arm to his body. This is day one. Yeah. What are we talking about? See? Rock's about to become. Is this for a movie? Yes, a movie, brother. I can already hear all the UFC marks getting so mad about this. Yeah, but I remember he has a great relationship with the UFC. Yeah, but the casuals are going to love it. He just did a figure four sharpshooter, I believe, in the middle of the ring. Day one, D-Bot. That was dope. Still got something to say? No, no, no, absolutely not. And he also provides all the clothes, I think, to the UFC guys and girls for the weigh-ins. That's sweet. So he has massive respect for this mixed martial arts community. I just trust him as Papatoui. Hmm? Do you even use it? I have not. I'm going to get my hands on it. I saw him in Target with, you know, promoting and stuff. I got to try it. Yeah, he took over at Target. Yeah. Just took over. Need to try it. Absolutely. Look, yeah, I can tell. I can tell. I got sunburners. If he's in Target, man, that guy's killing it. He already has it in Target? Yes, yeah. He's the rock. Yeah. I have the eye stuff. He didn't even have to go on Shark Tank to get in Target either. That's unbelievable. The Rock's Instagram is Shark Tank. The member of French Toast andping Network, and also his Instagram. Incredible what he's been able to accomplish business-wise on there. His eye thing, I don't understand it. I got it. What's supposed to happen? Yeah, so you're supposed to do what you're doing and rub it on. I actually just squeeze it and then put it on my fingers and then put it on. Okay, I think my ball is too tight to the thing. I can't get the morning. Gets rid of the wrinkles. It's like a little ball thing at the end of a tube, but I think my ball is too tight to the tube because nothing's coming in. Yeah, it's kind of tough. The ball's not moving either, so I'll just stab myself in the face. You stick with it, though. Those do work. When I was done in the shipyard, I had heavy bags under my eyes. They're not that great now, but they're a lot better than they were. Hey, handsome. Texas hockey's winning flying. You're handsome. Sleeping in a bed would help, too. I mean, I have thought about it lately. This guy's been sleeping on the couch for a couple years in his apartment. Has a bed. Sleeps on couch in living room. Why? It's the Vikings, baby. Like Tom Hanks in Castaway. Remember Tom Hanks had to sleep on the floor after he was on that island for 10 years. Oh, yeah. I forgot about the end. That was a little tidbit there. Is that why you do it? Because of the ship? Yeah, absolutely. That ship life? Let me break my back. I just pass out. I don't know. I just don out. Like, I'm not, I don't know. I just don't go to bed. Gov doesn't like the theatrics of getting ready for bed. Yeah. He likes just going to bed. I literally just pass out when I pass out. He didn't want to brush his teeth or anything like that. No. Why would you? Why would you do that? Just fall asleep with food on your chest on my couch. Phone, too, for sure. like this or even like this maybe. A dip in or something? At some point. Yeah, maybe a Zin or two with the guy. You slept on a bed though last week, right? And you were like, wow. Yeah, it's a treat when we're on the road. It's kind of like it that way. Oh, we go to a hotel. Wait a minute. I'm pumped to be in this shitty ass hotel. You should just rent a hotel room every day during the year. I actually did that back in Canada because I never knew when I was coming back. I lived in an Airbnb for like six months. Shout out to immigration. Yeah. Thank you very much. It's really easy to predict and go through. Yeah. That's right. Really easy. Simple. Got a letter here talking shit to Gumpy from the immigration office. So what does he fucking do? Pretty much is what they asked. Why are you asking? This guy's got no degree. He was painting ships. He's an adult. And you just want him to come to America? Sounds like just because he's friends with you, he gets access to America? I don't think so, pal. Fuck off. Pretty much a letter we got. That's not a joke. Listed him as Kyle Gump. Kyle Gump. Yeah, that lawyer the drain. Jeez. That's about the going rate to get out of Canada right now. What's that? I didn't hear what you said there. What'd you say? I said $30,000. That's about the going rate if you want to leave Canada right now. Oh, it's $25,000 I heard to get out of Canada. But the good news is they'll tax you so much that you won't be able to get the your life. Impossible to get out, potentially, I guess, is what's happening up there. Gumpy got out for free. Well, cost us $75,000 in lawyer fees. 100% worth it. You've paid back in spades, obviously, pal. But, yeah, there's a wild thing going on with getting to get to America from Canada. I think it only costs like 25 racks or something like that. No big deal. Just pay the problem. You can leave anytime you want. Just $25,000. We got some big news out of Cincinnati. Joey Burrow, fresh out of the G1 race down in Miami, throwing the ball around in the indoor facility in Cincinnati. Good torque, good pop, good spin. AJ, Ohioans are losing their mind, I assume. Oh, they have to be. I drove by this beautiful indoor facility when I was headed down to the Derby. So yeah, I was headed down to the Derby. So, yeah, you can tell the boys are getting good work here. Yeah, it's a good bubble down there on the side of the highway, you know, which we like, you know, because right now, would they be practicing in the rain over there in Cincinnati? Yes. Would it suck? Yes. Would they want to get more work done? No. Now they got a bubble they can get extra work in, and Joey Burrow's hair and throw look damn good. Mid-season form, maybe, D-Bud. Yeah, he looks good right now. Good torque, good fiery full throw. I like to see it. I'm sure Bengals fans love to see it, too. You think he could have got up to the second? Hell no. Well, yeah, let's slow down there. Like Patrick Mahomes did down there? Yeah, look, that's good stuff. I don't know if Brady can even get up there It was pretty cool. His outfit was very cool at the boardroom get-together down there. It's not the White Party yet. I know he's going to be at that too, but not that time. A lot of people at that White Party out in the AFC North. A lot of people going to that White Party out in the AFC North. Out in the AFC North? Who else? I don't know. Was TJ Watt there? Wasn't Russ there? Big Bam is Big Ben was there, wasn't he? Russ was there. Was Russell Wilson there? I would not be shocked, yeah. What is the Met Gala? Saw a photo of Tom Brady from one of those. Tomorrow, I think. It's happening? I think it's tomorrow. Well, that gives us the invite list, right, for the white parties? Close. Do we know the theme this year for the Met Gala? Asshole. You got to dress, an asshole. Boom. Sounds about right. All right. Speaking of assholes, we got to get out of here. It's called Leaping Beauty this year. Oh, okay. Nice. What is that supposed to mean? Everyone's going to be drugged up, brother. What'd you say? Instead of sleeping. Sleeping Beauty. Oh, Jesus. Leaping Beauty. I thought everybody was going to be jumping. I was excited to see. Just coked up. Off the fucking wall. Instead of Sleeping Beauty, the amount of pajamas we're going to see from assholes. Can't wait. Just can't wait. The robe. The ridiculous robes that are going to show up. Someone's going to show up cock out going, this is how I sleep. Yeah, Jared Leto, book it. He's going to be butt-ass naked. Huge bush. Yeah. So what happens in there? They party? I think so. I don't know. Is there a performance? Like, does anyone perform or anything? I'm pretty sure. What happens? Where's Kid Rock? Is Kid Rock under this thing? Probably. I think he's the MC. I think he's headlining. He's I'd like to see what he... If this goes in, Kid Rocks will be at the Met Gala. Okay. This means something. Bow! Can't wait. Thank God. Now I'll watch. I don't think you can watch. It's just on the internet. It's just pictures. All right. Let's get the hell out of here. What a day. Heading to Connecticut for Monday Night Raw. Can't wait to be back here tomorrow aj great work today d butch you as well congrats on getting on the pit team congrats you look really cool thank you is there more shit or is that the only one you could afford uh yeah this is only one i had to apologize my kids that i bought it 180 nachos aj i heard that people were pretty upset about those high prices i mean come on it was a on. It was a hundred places to get food from. What do normal people do? How do normal people go to just a funky bar? That area wasn't for normal people. That was like a beach club. You know, you got to pay however much. Is there a standard bleacher section that people like normal humans can go? Aren't they selling hot dogs for $4? I don't know about $4. $280 Maine Lobster Roll. Ooh, it's Maine. See that in that top corner? Hard Rock Beach Club. Oh, that's a certain, that's a VIP. It's the little fake yacht. So you pay $100,000 to get to pay $280 for a lobster roll? Yeah, but these people have no idea what it serves. It serves 12. It's like going to a club. Going to live on Sunday. Oh, yeah, we got a section for $10,000 section, so you got to order. This $400 bottle is actually $8,000. Got it. It's not a fucking soup kitchen. Hey, it ain't a fucking soup kitchen, all right? It's at a point in Miami. Steamed buns only being $120. Sign me up. Look at that, though. Eight-piece wing for $190 pepper too hell yeah yeah add one ounce of caviar 400 bucks there we go yeah i'm surprised it's not double yeah i mean that's very nice of this man to have all these people pay all this money to get into this one section and then say let's fucking gouge them because they have no idea yeah these people are just passing over a card it's already been spent this money's gone regardless how much can we charge for steamed buns fuck it what 20 30 bucks no i'll add 100 no keep going keep going all right we go 120 you better believe gratuity is all it's going to be at oh yeah can't wait to get one of these g1 events don't you think it sounds better now that i've done it for a full day no i don't it's gonna sound terrible no matter what because it sucks no g1 go one yeah dude that's what we do we go exactly f1 is just such an interesting thing i'm buying in a little bit i'm buying or stop and get hurt or something how did he not win we got the rights to uh you know what mcclaren just had to pace aj it had to it was their day you know they were doing they just had to pay sorry okay you know what though max they did ask max after hey hey, you know, because he kind of got lucky with the pit stop, and Max was kind of like, hey, you know, so if this were to, hey, if my mom had balls, she'd be my dad, you know, and just gave him the credit. So I respect Max for that. Who are you, Dana White? 2024. Let's get to a break. What was that, T-Butch? That's what Max said. What part? That's what Max said. It wasn't me, guys. Did you really? That was what Max said. Yeah, he said it in the interview afterwards. Learned a lot about first stop. If some butts were fits. He's a dog. If ifs were fits, we'd all be drunk, I believe is another one that has been said. If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all be happy at Christmas, I've heard. I don't know if that's a... I don't know how that works or what that means. Well, candy and nuts are a lot of Christmas nuts. That's true. Yeah. You store them all year. All the ifs candy. Exactly. If my uncle had wheels, he'd be a car. That's right. Yeah, I hear that a lot. I've heard that one. If the queen had a fishing pole, she'd be a fisher lady. Yeah. That's what people say. Exactly. Yeah, yeah. I've heard that one. What are you talking about? It's a new one. I've heard that one a lot, actually. If I a lot actually i was irish i'd eat a lot of potatoes boom heard that let's get to a break before this goes off if i smelled like don't do it don't do it now's not the time don't do it let's get to a break we'll be back tomorrow big tuesday huge who do we have on show tomorrow we got a bunch of people locked in monsters 10 thousand too much too many yeah too many to preview hey king of the Ring tournament starts tonight. Can't wait. Who's going to win? You know who's in it? Yeah. The monster of all monsters. All the tops. All the draft picks. All the top guys. Rey Mysterio, Kofi Kingston, King of the Ring match tonight. Okay. What? Yeah. Gunther, She Sheamus, King of the Ring match tonight. Wow. All right. Yeah. Yeah, we got some real shit popping off in Hartford, Connecticut. Hartford, Connecticut. Conor's favorite spot, I heard. Is Ricochet defending the WWE Speed title tonight or no? I believe that's on Speed, which is Wednesdays at noon. Damn it. But he at least needs to come out and celebrate the fact that he won the WWE Speed title. Congrats to Rick on that. We need him on TV more. So they're all back from France. We need more space. All of them are back from France, and all of them are pumped up about France. Bet they're so pumped to be in Connecticut. From Lyon, France to Connecticut. Everyone says the Hartford is the Lyon of America. When they got back from, I forget where they were. Australia? Yeah. We went on vacation. They went to Australia. When they were in Australia, it was, you know, every day. Show, show, show, show, show. That's when mommy dominated. Yeah, and then they fly all the way back. And I just got off a beach. I was like, Cole, what's up, dude? He back and I just got off a beach. I was like, Cole, what's up, dude? He's like, what's up? Shut up. I'm so pissed. I'm going home tomorrow. I'm going home tomorrow. I'm like, alright, Cole, here we go. Yeah, there might be a little bit of that tonight, but I think everybody loved going to France so much. Everybody has talked about how awesome France was. Seemed like it. Yeah, what? AJ Styles? Yeah. He win? I assume that might be one of, if not top three moments of AJ Styles' career. I'm sorry. That's cool. Did he win? I don't know. That environment. The camera's shaking while he's standing there. Thumbs singing. Is there any trades after the draft, or is it just locked in? Let's make some deals. Can we get, like, Tiffy Time would be sweet on Raw. Let's get some deals in here. I don't know who's doing that. Is that JBL's doing that for us? Who was in that? Booker T was in the War Room. We need Booker T, JBL, and Adam Pearce to come together. Start making some trades. We got some NXT debuts coming. Let Debut's coming tonight. Oh, yeah. Lyra. Let's make sure we know about them. Fucking die, Jack. Here we go, Lyra. The Breakman. Let's make sure we know. Yeah. Holy shit. We got some debuts probably happening tonight. Yeah. Tony's got the queen. Drew McIntyre tonight? Oh, Drew McIntyre's definitely spotless warrior. He's going to be there for sure. member of SmackDown. Happy birthday, Nibs. All right, we're out of here. We're back tomorrow. You are the greatest people on Earth. Thank you for watching the dumbest show that has ever existed on a regular basis and somehow have found success. With that being said, be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One Thank you.