nk you. so Thank you. so so so so so so So The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't count! We won't count! For it! For it! For it!! Sports! Sports! Sports! Sports! Hello beautiful people and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this feel-good Friday, May 10th, 2024, this sports program starts right now. Sports! Are amazing and we are so lucky to talk about them last night. Multiple playoff games in the NHL and in the NBA. We had another overtime game in the NHL that we will certainly get to because Biz Nasty, Paul Bizonet, will be joining us in about 10 minutes or so to break down last night's electrifying hockey evening. Now, hockey has been showing up for us, and we're incredibly thankful for that. But basketball took quite a turn last night something happened where we were told just yesterday that jesus christ might be the only one that can make something happen that did happen last night now obviously i'm not alone the toxic table is here at boston connor and at ty schmidt con men wearing a panda on your shirt obviously i love everything about that uh it does kind of look like a dog like maybe a saint bernard a little bit doesn't it does it's kind of look like a dog, like maybe a St. Bernard. A little bit, doesn't it? It's kind of interesting how it looks when you just have the face of it. So is that a dog or a panda there? I mean, you tell me. You tell me what you think it is. I'm going... Yeah, yeah. See? See? I'm going dog, final answer. It's a dog. Yeah final answer. It's a dog. Yeah, I'm going dog final answer. See, and guess what it is? Wet nose. Guess what it is? What is it? It's a panda. No, it's not. It's a panda. See, we're not getting in. It's a panda. Look, I have to tell you what the site says. I bought a panda shirt and this one showed up. Speaking of shirts, way to gift Paul Skeens. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. On his way Obviously, you sent him a T-shirt. Hopefully, he'll wear that because there's no greater human being in our eyes than Paul Skeens, who should be wearing a montage of the most powerful animals in wildlife. That's right. Before he goes in and throws a hundred on a paint, a hundred on a paint, a hundred on a paint, a hundred on a paint, a hundred on a paint. And go ahead and put that on back-to-back-to-back on repeat for the next ten years for the Pittsburgh Pirates. We're excited about that. He's got a big one more. Come on, Paul. He's got Sean Casey, the mayor, joining us in the second hour. But let's talk about what happened in basketball. One half of the hammer. Cowboys turn. Diggs is here looking amazing. Sweet shirt. Keystone State. Steel City. Love what you pieced together there for the entire town of Pittsburgh. Now, I don't know what the odds were yesterday for the Cleveland Cavaliers to get that win over the Celtics, but the way Wendy was talking on this particular program, hey, Wendy, Cavaliers got a shot against the Celtics team? They're going to have to make every shot, and Celtics are going to have to miss every shot. Jesus Christ, Connor said, might have to actually play for the Cleveland Cavaliers to beat the Boston Celtics. Every basketball person that we've had on the program has said the Boston Celtics are basically coasting right to the Eastern Conference Finals. No problems at all. Now, are they going to run into the Pacers or the Knicks? That's certainly a question. Is the Pacers and the Knicks playing tonight in Indiana, in our city? The refs might feel a little differently on the way there. Hey, Josh Hart, we don't need you to talk about Carlisle. Hey, Josh Hart, we don't need you to talk about Carlisle. No, we don't. Okay, we don't need Brunson and the boys over there in New York wondering. Carlisle is trying to rally the boys. He's also trying to send a message to the league. The league that gave him a $35,000 fine only, which is awesome. A little slap on the wrist. Love that he only got a $35,000 fine in this entire thing. Well, certainly there's a chance calling out the refs for screwing over a small market team would potentially lead to the integrity of the game being questioned in the league and everything. And the NBA was like, yeah, you're right, $35,000 fine. Now this is just a couple days removed from a $100,000 fine for Jamal Murray, who threw a heating pad onto the court. $35,000 for saying you're screwing a small market team from small market. I was echoing the same sentiments as him publicly. Thought that was a very low fine. Thought he was going to get a much larger fine. Happy the NBA and Adam Silver said, hey, we get it. The refs were. You should have been heated. You should have been a little disgruntled. And if this is how you're going to motivate the team and let them know you got their back, you do what you got to do. So the Knicks, you little bit more grungy. Welcome to the Thunderdome out here in the Gainbridge Fieldhouse. But let's get to the conversation that was had about the Cavs in the Celtics yesterday. Cavs got no hope. The Cavs suck. This team's got no chance, especially in Boston, in the Garden. How are they going to do it? Instead, the Cavs get a massive win. Series tied 1-1 at Boston Corner. How Jesus Christ potentially showing up in spirit form through spite of Mitchell and the Cleveland Cavaliers getting a win in Boston. I assume Jesus Christ probably does need to visit Ohio more than other places. But as a Celtics fan, you can't be that worried. Sure, they lost. They lost by 24. I think it was the largest win by a double-digit dog in the history of the NBA playoffs for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Oh, historic win last year. Very historic. And everyone was burying Joe Mazzulla today. I'm not going to get into that. But the Cavs, I mean, every starter on their team had 12-plus points. And this guy, I mean, he leads the way. If you see here, it's the third where it started. Three minutes left in the second. Celtics are up by eight. They go into the second half. They absolutely dominated. There wasn't a point in the second half where you thought the Celtics were going to maybe go on a run, cut the deficit. Here's a huge three. He was 5-7 from three. He couldn't miss. And then there's a buzzer beater here at the end of the third that was very much like the, oh, just filthy. Right in the face of Boston. Yeah, in the face of Tatum. I mean, and he's staring at the crowd after he does it. The moxie the Cavs had last night was something you can't really match. And then, yeah, if Donovan Mitchell's banking in threes, I mean, give me a break. Like, the bank closes at five, people, especially in Boston. They go home earlier most of the time. But, yeah, you've got to give the Cavs a credit. You know, they played well. Game two against the Miami Heat. Celtics also at home. They got killed. They lost by 20. I'm not worried whatsoever. I don't think anybody in Boston should be worried. Yeah, the fans are leaving with five minutes left. Traffic. Get out of these arenas in Boston. They don't understand. Why would you stay? Look Look, there is traffic going on outside because there's construction. So I think when you see this, you're not sure, why are they leaving so early? There's a bunch of construction going on right outside the Garden right now. If you don't try and get out of there early, then you're screwed. You're going to be there for an hour. As a person that goes in and out of arenas literally every single Monday night, lucky to do it with the WWE, I very much have a different stance on people that potentially head out a little bit earlier than maybe everybody. These cities are not built to have the amount of humans exit from one area right in the middle of it. Normally you have cops shutting down roads. Those roads always lead to where you need to go. So there's always like a new, oh, I gotta get redirection. So you got stop and go traffic, let alone 13, 14, 15, 1000 people all unloading at the same exact time. Them after getting their asses kicked leaving early, I don't judge them. Trying to get home. But, boy, Celtics players should be like, hey, our guys, we're on the team. Where our fans are trying to beat the traffic. Holy shit. What a wake-up call maybe up there in a TD Garden last night. I won't go that far. I mean, Celtics fans, they had to leave early a lot this year, too, when they were up by 20. This isn't abnormal. People in Boston kind of understand how terrible driving can be, especially in that city. But Joe Mazzulla was probably up until 3 a.m. getting choked out by his jiu-jitsu trainer. I have a feeling that Mazzulla is going to put the boys through a little bit of a ringer here on a nice day off. And then on Saturday, we will go into Cleveland and poop all over Ohio to make it smell better. Jeez. Cleveland smells good. No, we've been to Cleveland. There are rats and license plates and trash all over the street. We were there. He's right. Indiana has full cars. Hey, if we were playing in Indiana, I'd say the same thing. You live here. I do, and I love it. But that doesn't mean it's not true. Okay. Well, Cleveland's a great place. It is. I was raised to think it was terrible and disgusting and a hellhole in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. But then I went there. I'm like, place isn't bad. It's actually pretty nice. Way too windy. Way, way too windy. Way too cold for way too long of a time, but that Jack's Casino won me over. I've never walked out of that casino a loser. That shapes my entire view on the entire city. If it wasn't for that casino, you'd see past that. Maybe. Worst running game I ever had in Cleveland. Windy, cold, I did terrible. They had a guy returning, Rabbit. His nickname was Rabbit. Jack Rabbit. What was his, you know who I'm talking about. Janaris Jenkins? Yes. Jack Rabbit Jenkins. Yes. Isn't that who? I think he was returning the punts or whatever. So I go in there knowing we got an animal return. Terrible day. Windy, breezy, couldn't figure it out. Worst day I've ever had. You stay in some hotel rooms that bellrooms that are kind of cropped down there in Cleveland. You walk right into Jack's Casino, this four-story casino, you walk out a winner every time. I mean, it's like, I love this. I absolutely love this place. Travis Benjamin. There it is. Okay. Oh, okay. Travis Benjamin. Yeah, anyways, absolute stallion. And congrats to Cleveland and to the Miz. Yeah. Not to the Thunder. Okay. Luca is injured, but won for 29-10-7 last night. Yep. Okay. So, he seemingly all the way back was hitting his step back, not only on the outside, but also in the paint. They were wondering if he had enough push-off in that hurt knee. Is he be able to create separation against this young, fiery Oklahoma City team. Yep, he did last night. They started hot. They continued hot. They win this game. Kyrie Irving didn't have a big night. No. And they still get a big-time dub. That's got to make them feel phenomenal and incredible. 1-1 now. Hey, let's go. Here we go. Basketball is 1-1 over there in the West. I like whenever Luke is playing great. I also like the fact that we're watching this Oklahoma City team have to battle a little bit, kind of learn a little bit. I'm excited to see how they handle it. Now, right now in the NBA, there is one team that has not lost in the playoffs yet. There's also one team in the NHL that has not lost yet. But the Minnesota Timberwolves are 6-0 currently in the playoffs for the NBA. And, Tone, you mentioned this as we were chit-chatting over there. There were some people that missed a wagon. Yes, they did. Maybe in March, maybe now's the time to hop on. Yeah, back-to-back years, the UConn Huskies were absolutely dominant come tournament time. And there were some people who didn't jump on the bandwagon when they should have as far as gambling. I think they ended up 12-0 straight up and against the spread in the last two tournaments. And a lot of people are like, I'm not going to miss an opportunity like that again. And it's happening right now. The Minnesota Timberwolves are 6-0 straight up. They swept, and now they're up 2-0 on the Nuggets. They're also 6-0 against the spread. They have not lost it against the spread either. So Now would be a time. We like riding the waves when it comes to gambling. Because streaks, streaks, streak. Okay? That's what they do. That's why they're. And we have to acknowledge when it's over. Correct. That is something. But as we're in the middle of it, we also have to acknowledge, hey, seemingly got a little good thing cooking right now with this Minnesota Timberwolves team. And Anthony Edwards is doing commercials there on Good Morning America becoming the face of the league right in front of our eyes here. Yeah, and they're back home. They did it in Denver at Elevation. So I'm going to ride the streaks now, me saying that. Who knows what's going to happen now. But the T-Wolves, three, three and a half, four and a half right now at ESPN bets because, you know, only up from here, boys. And then what? You're talking Minnesota Timberwolves, six and oh yeah i don't they're not going up there's no i wasn't talking about the tea wolves oh you're talking about the nuggets yeah because they're down i wasn't talking about them either oh you're talking about uh the overall the fire the platform the platform there is the law room grow yeah amen that's good news that's not bad news that's good news would you imagine being at the top of the mountain nowhere else climbed this early in the game get complacent geez complacent. Jeez, you get bored. What else is there to do? I've already been to the top. ESPN bets like, we got you. We got space. We're going to grow. We're going to do it. That's good news. But you know from your many trips to Hawaii and now that you are an avid surfer, there's nothing worse than when you're that's a real bummer and that's what the minnesota timberwolves are now you better jump on that wave before it crashes before the barrel comes in on you you're talking about hawaii in hawaii yeah yeah you were saying like uh hawaii yeah you're saying all too stupid hawai. How did I say it? Hawaii. Oh, that's just how my people say it. And your people would be? Who are your people? I thought we were all one people. Yinzers. I would like to hear most yinzers. What's the accent for that? Now that I'm thinking about it. Now that I'm thinking about it. Hawaii. You want to all hear Hawaii You went all the way to Hawaii? That's crazy. Hawaii. You're dying to know why? Also, in the NHL, after last night's big win, the Wolves aren't the only team that are 6-0 since the playoffs have started. This team, listen, it's tough to handle. Sure. Their fans, all that stuff. Where they play is the Merca. Okay. All we know is they haven't won in forever. Yeah. But their fans have acted like forever is not that long. But this year, they might have it. Ladies and gentlemen, the New York Rangers. 7-0 now in the playoffs. Carolina Hurricanes, a team that they just beat in Carolina's barn in front of 20,000 raging Caniacs down there. The New York Rangers get another win in overtime. They're now up 3-0 on the odds-on favor to win the Stanley Cup whenever the playoffs started. This New York Rangers team, now this is the winner in overtime. What a beautiful, beautiful deflection from the bread mod. Panarin under the leg, no look-see. Goalie thinking, no way he's going to be able to get that one, under the leg, no look-see, goalie thinking, no way he's going to be able to get that one up in the air, right? Perfect use of science, and what a goal. Gorgeous. That's an overtime goal right there. Now, it's obviously late, and it's tough to stay up for all these games, but that's overtime, and the NHL has continued to deliver. And this New York Rangers team is the real deal. This feels like the most complete Rangers team that we've seen in some time. They knock off the odds on favorite. There's nothing but clear skies ahead, seemingly, for this Rangers team. Now, they're going to have to take a little bit of a break if they sweep again. That might cause a little bit of rust. But this Caniacs down three zip with the way Gensel's playing and the way that crowd showed up yesterday. And we don't know who hit the siren. No, we don't. We don't know who did the siren. We think it was NC State row coach. There was a row coach. Really? Row? There was three people, and I wasn't too sure of any of them. Okay. They need to take that siren a little bit more seriously. Or a car. Because they're going to get swept in this thing if they don't look out. Gensel's playing great, but this Rangers team is just on a heater that we haven't seen. Nicky Skates, is that what we feel from this Rangers team? Yeah, we've seen Rangers teams in the past who've been able to put together runs, maybe a second-round conference final. They've even been to the finals a couple years ago against the Kings. But as you mentioned, this is the most complete Rangers team. They've got the goaltending, they've got the D, and they've got the forwards to score. Yeah, Shestarkin's still staying on his damn head. Joining us now is the host of Spittin' Chicklets. He's also an analyst on TNT, covering the entire NHL season and now the playoffs in fantastic fashion. He owes Boston Connor 20 public push-ups because of his Toronto Maple Leafs losing in Game 7 to the Boston Bruins in the first round. Ladies and gentlemen, Paul Bissonnette. Yeah, Biss. What's up, everybody? My internet's not great, so I can't really see you guys right now. I hope you can see and hear me. Yeah, you look great. You sound amazing. The eyes all over the place. Looks like you're doing that impression you did last night on TV. That was good acting. That was good acting. A little improv. That's Jamie Benn, man. He's got the squirrely eyes. He's got the old man strength. And one of the bigger hits we've seen in these playoffs. He absolutely rocked Tabes. Controversial. I think some people thought maybe he should have got the ejection, but that's hockey, man. That's just good old physical playoff hockey right there. Yeah, I mean, Troops was trying to do it a couple nights ago. Ben connected, which is what he has done numerous times. Congrats to Texas Hockey getting a big time win. Glassbanger got a big W. Tits McGee wasn't there, but he was there in spirit. I don't know if you've seen those bull thons on the glass right behind the coach. Tough to miss. We're talking about jubilation here. Everybody's happy down in Dallas. Every coach's interview somehow ends up in the same exact location whenever Dallas is playing. And I'll tell you what, I appreciate the fact that your analysis is not missing anything. No. And that's why you're the best in the game, Biz. That's why you're the best in the game. We're on the pulse. We're on the pulse. We could plug her OnlyFans after, too. She's got some bin pictures up on Twitter. We know Elon Musk lets it fly now. He could just pretty much throw up anything on the X. Dude, listen, you were one of the trailblazers on Twitter way back in the day that I think a lot of us followed, and you created the brand in a wonderful fashion. Had to play hockey at a high level and be respected by your peers to be who you are, but at a high level and be respected by your peers to be who you are. But your Twitter game was obviously something we all loved. There was always like a code. There was always like a code. No dead bodies. No dead bodies on Twitter. You know, like if you see a video, it's like, all right, this guy got messed up, but he's not dead. Now, to your point, it's not just, you know, porn seemingly everywhere, but there's dead bodies now. It's a wild place, Biz. X is a wild place right now. Yeah, it's a free-for-all, kind of like that Kachuck and Pasta fight. It's a full-blown gong show out there. Well, I love the term gong show, and you Canadians obviously create amazing things, but let's talk about what the New York Rangers are doing. They're 7-0 right now, okay? The 1994 Rangers were 7-0 to start the playoffs as well. Our research tells us that there's been 11 teams that have gone 7-0 to start the playoffs. Eight of them have gone on to win the Cup. This Rangers team gets a massive overtime dub over the Carolina Hurricanes down in Raleigh, North Carolina, in front of a great fan base. The Carolina Hurricanes were the odds-on favorite to win the Cup as the playoffs started. What is this Rangers team doing that is basically you know sweeping everybody and do they have enough to go win this entire thing biz oh big time i think the rest is going to pay dividends especially with how physical and and big some of these other teams are but right now as far as carolina they're out goaltending them and they're out special teams you know their power play has been on fire since the beginning of the postseason. And Carolina is known as this team where they pepper you with shots, but sometimes they're not all from good quality range. And what happens as you go deeper in the playoffs, there's obviously a strong correlation between that and the fact that they're all unreal goaltenders that are left. Not oftentimes is it just teams that are going to outscore you. They all rely on great goaltending. So the chances that they're getting are kind of like outside of that high danger area, and they're not also getting much traffic. The goals that they have scored have had traffic, guys in front of Shusterkin and or like Tippins. I mean, they've had probably three or four Tippin goals so far, even in this series. So I just, Igor's too good right now. And I think, what's Carolina? 0 for 15 on their power play. So, their power play has just dried up immensely. And they've also given up, I believe, at least one, if not two, short-handed goals. Right now, the Rangers' penalty kill is outscoring other teams' power plays against them, 3-2. So, it's just, they're just lethal right now. Is that strategy? Is that luck? What is that? Why is that? No, all season long, I think that the Rangers were top five in both penalty kill and power play. And I think given the fact that Carolina's feeling the pressure to score on their power play, like even last night, that one there, that was coming at the end of the power play. So they try to make a play to the middle, knowing that guy's coming out of the box. So it just seems like they're not making smart, calculated decisions, and they're trying to force things, especially late in the power play, that ended up springing them on this two-on-one. And look, there's one of their beasts, Kreider, who's been continuing to get it done. I think it was the Benajet who's been on fire, who struggled a little bit in the back half of the season. Panarin's on fire. And then on top of that, Vinny Trocek, who's becoming a household name in New York. Vinny Trocek. He's a spicy meatball. He's a Pittsburgh guy. Obviously, he's going to be a stud. And he's like JT Miller.er all those pittsburgh guys they're honey badgers they can play they're gamers the bigger the stakes the bigger they play and also i don't know if you saw after that goal uh i forget who got it for them but he's in there taunting sebastian ajo with the hands up that's he's got it all right now he's snapping back draws at 75 80 percent 12 points in seven playoff games for a second line center. Everything is advertised. Biggest bang for your buck going and my front runner for the Conn Smythe. What's a Conn Smythe? That obviously playoffs MVP or what? Yes, playoff MVP. Shosturkin's been out of his mind, but I believe the clutchness of Trochek in delivering in most games offensively to me has him ahead right now and is the leader in the clubhouse for Conn Smythe. Normally go to a player or goal-taker, like Super Bowl MVP always goes to quarterback now at this stage. Like, is the goalie treated the same way or no? I would say that if you look back, on average, based on, I would say that goalies probably take it more based on every other position. If we go back the last couple years it was march or so last year who was extremely clutch and he scored a bunch of goals for the golden knights the year before that it was kale mccarr who's the new bobby or i mean this guy is the way he moves up and down the ice he's he's the mcdavid of defense where he's just he's a he's a freak he's a video game cheat code. Let's talk about that game then. Let's do this. And this seems to be like a series, not a trend, I mean, of the playoff series. Let's go to Dallas, the American Airlines Center, home of the bang sign guy, who's obviously a massive fan of biz and biz a fan of his. The Dallas Stars heard all the chatter about them not being able to win. And home ice not being worth a damn. They come out hot. Obviously, they get up four zip. Four zip. One, two, three, four zip after a couple rebounds here. Let's slot this one home for nothing. Alright, everybody go to bed. It's about midnight right now. Eastern Standard Time. It is tough to stay awake for some of these games. 4-zip. Let's go to bed. Let's do this entire thing. Ah-ah! All of a sudden, Colorado Avalanche. This thing ain't over. Not one bit. Then they go off on a three-goal run. Make this thing 4-3. So all the Dallas Stars fans, all the Texas hockey, has a little bit of anxiety. A little bit of a heart racing situation. We're not going to blow this again, are we? There's no way we blow this at home. There's no way Bang Sign Guy and the lady behind the coach's interview are going to have to go home bummed out after being up. It's McGee. I don't know if that's her name. I've never met her. I'm not. Mrs. McGee, whatever. Miss McGee, whatever her name is. They're going to go home bummed out or whatever it is. No, they end up stealing one. Score on an empty netter there, 5-3. They make this happen. But it feels like no lead is safe you're saying no no no i have fallen asleep i think four different times during this playoff where game was over four one last night four nothing we're talking three nothing a couple nights ago it's like why is that the case and is is this year different is this how it always is uh i would say it's rare definitely from like a four one lead standpoint especially the oilers against the canucks the other night if we we're sticking to Colorado-Dallas, to me it was more so when you play a seven-game series like Dallas did against Vegas, you're kind of in game rhythm where Colorado was sitting around a little bit. So sometimes it's hard to get back in that game action where these little details and little mistakes happen where you can get down early, as they did. But ultimately that rest showed, and their legs came back about halfway through that game in Game 1, and then that's when they ended up storming back and then stealing one with the Miles Wood eventual game winner on that breakaway. But yeah, the pace in which Colorado plays at, they are the one team, I would say, in playoffs where all of a sudden if they get a little bit of momentum, they could rattle off three, four shifts in a row where they are just swarming in the ozone like bees. So that is one team where if you let your guard down for a minute or two, next thing you know with the blink of an eye, it could be game over. So they made that mistake, Dallas, in game one. Obviously didn't make it in game two with getting enough cushion, and they pull off that big win. The big thing in game two for me was the Jamie Benn hit, though. I felt like that really kind of set the tone, and Jamie Benn's a pretty intimidating guy, and Miles Wood has fought him before. Josh Manson's fought him before. I would have liked to have seen a response, but they kept their level head, and then because they scored those two goals to claw back, I think the game stayed fairly sane, and there was no craziness or tomfoolery, whereas if it would have been halfway through the period and still 4-0, I would have been upset if they wouldn't have addressed that. Somebody's got to go up to Ben and make a statement here, especially a bottom six guy like Miles Wood. I can't see it right now because my internet's trash, but this is just a huge pop. Yeah, right behind the net comes flying in, and we're talking, this is what Jamie Benn's known for though, right? He also has a C. This guy has a C on his chest. Proud lad from Victoria, British Columbia, actually. Oh, really? Good lad. Good lad, brother. These Western Canadian boys are built different. They throw both ways, love their pops, and they just are so old school. And this is where I feel like the game, the pendulum's swinging back, where everybody was complaining about these hits not too long ago. And any time you touch somebody and they ended up like that on the ice, kick them out of the game, give them a suspension. Nah, man. Old-time hockey somebody and they ended up like that on the ice kick them out of the game give them a suspension nah man old time hockey's back right now baby gary yeah yeah old time hockey baby hey let's go biz that's good news hey gary bettman right we should be giving him a little shout out should we not he's done an excellent job yes he has that's real though does he send like a message to the teams or is it like in a lack of finding or is he talking to the officials how do you think you get back to this because they're for a bit people are saying hockey is going to get soft they're going to stop doing the hits they're going to stop doing the fights how do they get it back how do you think old school hockey came back like this i think it did naturally i just think it has probably over the course of the last two years and you you have to listen to your core audience like What's the fastest growing or one of the most fast growing sports in all of North America? Is it UFC? Yes. People don't mind violence. And I feel like this is the perfect blend of skill and talent along with the fact that if you want to fuck around and find out, you might get popped in the face. None of this basketball stuff with the ref in front of you talking tough. It's like if you want to be a tough guy, drop your mitts and prove it. And that's, and I feel like online, you could just see the amount of like fairweather fans interested because of the hatred. Like you can't, you can't Rempe, look at Rempe. Look at when Rempe comes into his own for the Rangers. What, first seven games he had like five fights or something like that. It was like. Jeremy Lin effect. Bingo. Jeremy Lin effect. It really was. Especially in the biggest. Everybody wanted to talk about the Rempire State Building. Yeah, we led, obviously, program with it. I think multiple days it's like, look at this. And I also, you need to understand this sport. Every single segment had somebody fighting somebody. Look, oh, you want to take a run at my guy? Oh, okay, okay. Well, then this is going to get handled. And then all of a sudden, it's like no other sports have that where it's like, we're going to police the game ourselves. You can't be doing shit like that. It doing shit like that it's like it's a beautiful part of the game then you got superstars doing here kachuk impasta these are two of the best players on the ice on any ice that they're on fighting each other in a 6-1 game it's like nah we're gonna do this i love it biz i love everything about it oh this shit makes me hard right here boys this is like the fact that two stars like this they go talk to the officials figure out what's going on with the penalties. Could Chuck ask them? And then Posta is a little bit undersized. The fact that he took that fight, I'm surprised. But being in that locker room, and any time I was in a locker room, when you'd have a star player like Posta throw down, especially with a guy bigger than him, knowing that he might get his shit pushed in, that to me is like, that's gamer mentality right there. And I got chills even thinking about it and the gamesmanship too where Pasta when he obliges he turns around and taps Monty the coach to let him know hey I'm going to be going to Chuck so I'm going out next shift you can see Monty was having a conversation and he's like what? you're doing what with who? it's 6-1 but hey he called him out in game 7 against the Leafs. He got the job done. And to me, he answers the bell there. Now, is Boston Connor there? Yeah. Yeah, he is. I was going to say, first of all, congrats on the series win, buddy. I know we are shit talking, but I actually think that you guys have an opportunity to knock off Florida. Yes. My mentality going in back to the garden tonight would be start your five toughest guy and challenge him and let's have a Royal Rumble right off the start. Let's go. Let's go. What are the odds that that happens? You saying that is making my gong show kind of go all over the place, but what is the odds that that can actually happen? And then also, not worried about Swayman, right? None of those goals were really his fault, and you kind of go back to him because of how good he has been for them. And also, Biz, you probably can't see yourself, but let me just say your beak looks biblical with the lighting coming down on your face. I got a tough snout. That's from all the scraps that I was in. Yeah, that's why we love him. That's why we love him. Yeah, the love him. Yeah, I mean, that is. Yeah, the lighting is. Yeah. It's a Drury curve, as they call it. It's got a little bit of a hook on it. It's got some girth up top. Oh, the armor. We won't go too much into that. Now, I forget the question, though. What did you say? What was the question? So, Swayman. We're not going away from him and then do you really believe that the five-on-five brawl to start the game will happen? So I don't know, and I would guess that it wouldn't, but that would be maybe my approach after talking to some guys because Heidi Maroon got ejected before that that happened. For talking. For talking. So I'm interested to see what his response will be to the fact that Kachuk challenged and tried to go after their skill guy who's a little bit smaller. They got real tough once the big rig left, didn't they, Biz? Got real tough. That's what I mean. But once again, hey, Kachuk's just doing his job too, right? That's the gainsmanship, and that's what I love about it. Going to Swayman, I wouldn't be shocked if they went back to Allmark, and it has nothing to do with Swayman's play in Game 2. It's just the fact that they've been running this two-goalie system all year, and Allmark's numbers against Florida are extremely good, and I think that he was the one who played both or if not most of the games against Florida this regular season. So, I don't think it's out of the question. I think Swayman deserves to get the net back, but based on their approach and how they like the rest and fresh goalies, and this time of year that matters, they could go to Allmark. But maybe not a five-on-five brawl to start the game, but some form of physical response where they announce their presence saying, hey, we know that you Florida guys are a bunch of hyenas, but we don't give a shit. We got guys over here who can handle business too. Hell yeah. That's awesome. Mental warfare. Mental warfare, boys. It's 80% of the game. It's 80% of the game. That's right. All in between the ears. Hey, we appreciate what's in between your ears, pal. And on your face. It's been earned. What's left. Hell yeah. What's left of it. Hey, I appreciate you guys Thanks for letting me come on, snap it around Let's have some fun tonight And I think that McJesus will show up tonight Ooh, okay McJesus will rise tonight in the late game So don't fall asleep, folks He's gonna have one No shots last game He's gonna be out for blood Gonna fall asleep Certainly gonna fall asleep Yeah These games are way too late But I respect Western Canada Alright, ladies and gentlemen paul business thank you yeah you too best youtube cheers cheers cheers um yeah i think you had to record something like three minutes ago ah so i don't think he realized that and then he looked at his goal oh yeah yeah yeah yeah gotta go get on out of here he's working his ass off right now yeah obviously uh the nhl playoffs are talking the town basically every town that they're in. Seriously. There's also another conversation that's taking place. What's that? You guys remember Big Baby? Oh, yeah. Glenn, how could you forget? You remember Big Baby? I do. Celtics legend. Oh, my God. So entertaining. Just all his facial expression. He did that a lot. His ability to move. His fieriness. His feistiness. He's got a championship with the Celtics. Buzzer beaters winning series against the Magic. Then when he retired, he became a character. Yeah, for sure. Certainly a funny character. He wanted to shoot porn as his next profession. A lot of things. A lot of stuff he was doing. And then he got caught up with a potential insurance fraud situation against the NBA. Or maybe they were filing fake doctor and medical things to get money out of the NBA's insurance pool to a tune of $5 million. Sick baby. His name was associated with it, alongside 21 others. 18 players, 22 in total. He was definitely a part of it. Biggest name that I've heard that has been a part of it. And whenever he was accused of this, he wanted to answer and respond. So he obviously did it. Anytime you're accused of potentially stealing money, the best thing to do is to kind of flex on your response, saying, here's big baby. Whenever the accusations came flying about him potentially being a part of an insurance fraud situation against the NBA from his private plane. This is boy Big Baby, man. Okay. Don't believe I'll have shit on the internet. I will have my day in court. They just mad because a black man got money, man. Trying to keep a black man down, man. Hey, man, shut up, Rollo, man. All those people, man, getting money, man. Must be illegal, man. Trying to keep a black man down, man. Hey, man, shout out Rallo, man. All those people, man, getting money, man. Must be illegal, man. A lot of jump shots. A whole lot of jump shots. I almost knocked a couple grand off. There's a championship ring. Popeye's chicken. Okay, maybe an ad, too. There's a little bit more money for Popeye's chicken. And he said he would have his day in court he did yeah he did have his day in court and uh 40 months whoa 40 that is so long yeah in jail 40 months in jail for an insurance scheme uh against the nba that had a trial and obviously it was deemed that he he was part of it and uh he did easy to track this type of shit too i think uh which is certainly a part of it, and he did easy to track this type of shit, too, which is certainly a part of the problem. And the NFL had a similar situation. And the good news is, as Big Baby has always done, he did give us an update immediately after his day in court. Even though he lost, he still kept his fans updated. And here it is. Damn. I got a cold imagination, though. You know, I do that actor shit. I got a cold imagination, though. You know, I do that actor shit. I got a cold imagination. I'm going to have to choke the chicken in the bathroom. Okay? That's crazy. I'm going to be swole, though. I swear to God, I'm about to get in so much shape. Oh, God. That's the only way you can stop me from eating hamburgers is put me in jail. That's what God said. I'm going to stop you eating hamburgers. I'm going to put you in jail. You don't want to stop eating hamburgers and Cheetos? You're going to jail. So now, I'm going to come to rock. Okay. So, obviously, there's come to rock. Okay. So obviously there's silver lining he has been trying to find. I assume through the entirety of the court case, as he was realizing what evidence they potentially had against him and how this was looking and knowing that 40 months was even an option at this standpoint for being a part of an insurance fraud. The silver lining is he's no longer going to be fat. He's just going to be baby. He ain't going to be big anymore. I saw a lot of people quote tweet this video whenever it was sent out. I believe from a lot of people that have been in jail before. And they quote tweeted it and said, it's all going to hit him whenever this door... You can laugh now and have silver lining, have silver lining but whenever that thing right behind you it's a whole new ball game with that being said i was in jail for 12 hours okay i was in a cell i was trying to escape okay i was i was this was three and a half years god i have no idea how that happens but boy it's been very public obviously and i think this is a good thing for everybody to learn from in the modern world where we're in, where they can track literally everything. Bailey McComas just found his AirPods in Detroit, Michigan yesterday. That's right. Because he was able to track the AirPods on his phone whenever he signed up for something and found them. They track everything. Every transaction, Ipe Mitsuhara. Every single transaction that you make is trackable. Every single thing that you say is findable. Every walk that you take, they can watch you. Have you ever watched Dateline? They've got cameras and everything on everybody. So if you're going to try to outsmart somebody, you're going to have to figure out a way to not only outsmart them, technology, AI, and history. Not the type of history that'll send you to jail in Canada but in the history of things that have happened before so they can catch your ass trying to get an insurance fraud people used to try to get insurance frauds by faking an injury they wear a neck brace at work and then all of a sudden what happened well they started getting busted doing what shooting jumpers and they started having private investigation to follow these people because these insurance companies who we're not saying aren't interestingly run but they have a lot of money too and they the thing they don't like doing is giving money away you ever try to file a claim they're gonna find they're gonna figure it out big baby realized that i think and i learned that and i don't know if he realized what jail is but sounds like he's looking for a silver lining and it's the fact that he's gonna become jacked i'm happy with him there yeah absolutely and And who knows, maybe with this type of crime, maybe he is going to go to a white-collar prison and he's not going to go to Rikers or something like that. But if we know anything, it's if you're going to try to defraud a league or a corporation, you may get one over on them for a little bit. They're always going to find out. They're're going to drop the hammer on you. But, hey, like you said, at least he's having fun with it right now. Now, we'll check back in in six months or whenever he has to pay the piper and go to jail and see how he's doing then. But he'll be okay. It's Big Baby. Yeah, that's the thing is the go to jail part. I sure wonder where Big Baby is right now. I hope they know where he is. Because if I'm Big Baby, I'll see you later. I'm going to Mexico, brother. That's so easy. Once again, everything I literally just said, how are you getting? Are you walking? I don't know. I don't know how Big Baby does it. He's got those pearly whites. Maybe he just smiles. I'm pretty sure getting into Mexico is getting out of Mexico into America. That might be difficult. I mean, I don't know. You could just walk over. It might be the other way around. Oh, is that right? I think so. Yeah, I don't. I haven't been paying close enough attention. Me neither. I haven't been paying close enough attention. I've just seen some videos that show up, and I'm like, no way that's. Right? And I just get out of my algorithm. Yeah. this too long, they're going to start feeding this in there. I don't need to worry about that in my life right now. We got smart people who are going to figure it out. Figure it out. How tall is he? 6'9". He wouldn't stand out. I wouldn't go to Mexico. Extradition there. Definitely go to somewhere that doesn't have extradition. Belize or something? Canada. Talk shit on Canada and then go to a Canadian prison and just run it forever? Probably go with Kim Jong, North Korea, and play basketball with him. That's his name. I think he's going to jail in America. I think it's probably better to do a 40-month bid than flee the country and end up having to serve 25 years or something like that. But I don't know. Not everyone's going to prison. They're saying Ipe Mitsuhara is facing 30 years. I don't know. Not everyone's been out of prison. They're saying Ipe Mutsuhara is facing 30 years. I don't doubt that. Believe that. 17 million. And you, you know, we just talked about trying to get over on an insurance company. Like, in a league like that, it's going to be tough. You know who's probably the toughest to really get in a money way? Government. Yeah. Yeah. They usually get their man. Yeah. Tax-wise, go play your games. Yeah, play your games. Yeah, we just hired a lot more people to find out who's been playing the little game you've been playing. Oh, you're only filing for about $150,000 as a translator. Where are you buying all this other? How much money do you owe us? Oh, yeah. You owe us like $10 million. At least. You're going to be able to pay it? You're knocking them? Okay, yeah. We'll just keep running up. We'll forget about it. Yeah, don't worry. You'll be able to pay it off. You'll be making license plates for us. Don't worry about it. You'll be making license plates in jail for us. It'll be a impersonating someone going to yeah that usually that those people played okay no they don't so you outsmarted the banks huh is that what you you didn't think we were gonna oh okay yeah we caught up yeah we got all the cameras we see we hear all your fraudulent statements yeah and it probably i would assume multiple states this is happening so you're talking about just like full this is a full federal yeah he's dead oh yeah he's taking a full federal. Yeah. He's dead. Oh, yeah. He's taking a fall for sure. Okay. Yep. You don't think they have transactional record of everything this guy did? Allegedly a real housewives of Beverly Hills husband? Husband, yes. Was a part of this. Yeah. Middleman. Middleman of the bookie. So there's the main bookie who Boyman, I believe, Matthew, yeah, in Vegas. And then the real housewife's husband was the middleman that was trying to collect money from Ipe for the actual bookie. But you get a nice little percentage on that. Yeah, middleman's not a bad spot to be in. Once again, you think you're beating him. Yeah, you're not. And I know bookies are probably winning somewhere, but not to a $17 million. No way. There's winning somewhere but not to a 17 million no no way they might you know there's some bookies out there i assume still running shop and congrats to them you know i think we have some people we've encountered through our lives are probably running books right now if i had to guess but they all know you got to stay yeah fly under the radar we can't be in this thousands not millions yeah so the whole everybody involved in that is throwing up red flags to the feds. Okay. Not obviously the bank fraud tax thing. Right. Like that's feds, feds. Middleman who's moving money. Yeah. Okay. That's all tracked. Oh, we did it in, uh, uh, what are those things called? Uh, Western Union. Yeah. Western Union. Nobody can track. Yep, those are cameras on them too immediately. Okay, so that's track. And then Bookie stealing money from regulated sports books. That's like three, just those three involved, let alone however many other people. That's like 45, hey, government, come get us at the same time. Never was going to work. I wonder when Ipe realized that. I wonder when the anxiety and stress was on ipa so much that he knew that eventually the dog was going to catch him like i do wonder if he even had that because every time we see the videos he's like laughing and joking with shohei it's like this guy legitimately just was hey whatever 17 million on my money i'll keep it moving he gave me 60 000 for some dental treatment i'm Hey, whatever, $17 million, not my money, I'll keep it moving. He gave me $60,000 for some dental treatment. I'm, blah, dental treatment. I get teeth when I'm dead. We'll move on. It's like this dude had no conscience, seemingly, at all throughout this entire thing. He probably thought he was good the entire time, right, because the FBI went to the bookie first. Like, that's how they got caught. It wasn't because of Ipe or, well, or whatever, but he probably thought he was fine the entire time. I wonder who contacted him. Was it the bookie like, hey, you're screwed. You're done. Hey, this is Tiger. Remember that? Voicemail? That is the bookie calling. After Ipe does his interview for that one thing in Korea. They were playing in Korea. He does his interview and he basically is like, feel good, kumbaya. I just talked to Shohei. I wonder if during that time somebody's explaining to Shohei everything that happened, and I wonder if he's getting a text message from his bookie, hey, not good. They know everything. And Ipe gets out of that interview, oh, my God. And then Shohei goes in, this guy, I don't know anything. That Ipe, 45 minutes there was probably just like i'm a dead man yeah life's over that flight back to the united states just sitting there just just thinking about it the whole time thank god they're gonna they're gonna right when this lands they're gonna have a bunch of agents come up there's a guy who should have ran 30 years yeah well that's the thing, too, because they found the bookie. They raided that guy's place. So, like, Ipe can't even, like, flip on anyone. Like, he has nothing to bargain with. So it's just like. His only bargaining chip would be. Yeah, exactly. If Shohei actually was gambling and somehow he had proof of it and he could flip on him but it doesn't look like that's the case so they're kind of just going to throw the letter to the law at this guy and we'll probably never never see or hear from him again what if shohei once uh sent a text to ipe because ipe said something happened in like the world and shohei responds either in japanese or in english i bet you love that you know and it pays like look at this see yeah i bet you look i you see he's not above it look he said i bet you love that that's 15 years off maybe 15 years off my 30 year uh i believe we are joined by yes okay senior nba insider for the athletic stadium and fanduel tv friend of the program what the hell is going on in the nba feels like chaos yeah oh ladies and gentlemen sean i know you guys are hyped i know you guys are hyped playoff basketball in indianapolis second round playoff basketball we haven't seen this since the paul george days and it's a big moment for you guys and caitlyn clark sold out an arena for a preseason basketball game last night that's normal that's normal we know we already know that. That's not normal. This is brand new here. That was the first time in Indianapolis. With Kaylin Clark, it's going to be a given everywhere she goes. Agreed. Shout out to the Fever getting a big win last night. Connor was there actually sitting courtside. Had eyes on the team, on the game, on the logistics of how we'll be attending these games. It was a beautiful night for the Indiana Fever who stuck around afterwards, signed some autographs with these kids, these new fans, maybe the people that traveled hours and hours and hours to get there to watch Kaitlin Clark because their daughter just got into basketball. Why? Because Kaitlin Clark's there? Well, they made the local media wait 30 minutes afterwards. And some of the local media were not happy. We got deadlines! We got deadlines! You know, were not happy. We got deadlines! We got deadlines! Some of the local media do hard things, get suspended. Other local media upset that they're signing autographs for kids. Really doing well here. Really doing well here. It really is doing a great thing. But let's not talk about the Indiana Fever era that is about to tip off next Thursday night in Indiana. Cannot wait to watch that. Let's talk about what's going on in the NBA. Patrick Beverly now has been suspended four games. And it was said because he threw a ball off the face of a lady who had no idea the ball was coming because he actually missed the person he was intending to throw the ball at. And then also the interaction. Got the ball back. Got the ball back. Whipped it again. Hit the person he was aiming at. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's who he was aiming at both times. He went one for two, 500, get you a Hall of Fame in baseball. Yeah, that's right. Get you a Hall of Fame in baseball. But in, obviously, the NBA gets suspended for four games. It wasn't just the ball throw to a woman's face, though, in the front row. It was also the interaction with the reporter afterwards. It kind of all went together. And did they get to this was this the expected outcome and is this normal for a media interaction to be a part of a suspension yeah a couple things definitely the word was that Patrick Beverly was going to get suspended it was going to be more than just one game he was suspended a few years ago in 2021 I believe for pushing Chris Paul in the back in in the last game that he played he ends up getting suspended for one game after that that series, and that suspension kicks in the following year in 21-22. So now again, if Patrick Beverly does sign with a team, this offseason as a free agent, which you would assume so given his pedigree, he's going to be suspended for four games. So yes, part of it was, a good part of it was the fact that he threw the ball into the crowd twice. So first time he throws it in, it hits the one of the females in the head and that is now open to a police investigation the fact that his interaction uh the incident between him and the fan and i'm told the focus of that police investigation is around uh one of the females being hit in the head with the basketball and then he gets the basketball back and whips it back at the fan that he was trying to whip it at shout out out to that fan who took it and he ate it like a champ. I think he might have even caught it eventually at the end of the day. He got it. So that was part of the suspension. But the other part was the post-game situation with the ESPN producer. And I have a statement from a league spokesperson right now. Patrick Beverly's behavior towards ESPN producer Melinda Adams was unacceptable, un person right now patrick beverly's behavior towards eastern producer lynn adams was unacceptable unprofessional and failed to meet the standard that nba players consistently meet in their interactions with the media and so that essentially is saying that there are obligations that nba players have with the media and how they deal with the media and the league will take that into account and i think the fact you know the response of you have to subscribe to my podcast are you subscribed my podcast i think that was a part of it. But then it was even initiating the removal of that Stead producer from the media scrum. And I think the league factored all that in and delivered that four-game suspension yesterday. Okay, thank you for the statement from the league there because obviously we asked you this morning, and it was like, his interactions with media, something like, hey,'ve subscribed my podcast and then the shooing away seemingly especially to somebody who seems like is respected by every human she's ever worked with ever it's a whole thing like hey you didn't represent the NBA in Indiana and that is a four-game suspension and we don't want anybody else potentially feeling like they can treat people like this if they're representing an NBA team that's kind of what the statement says and how you're viewing this yeah I mean I spoke to someone else today and the way it was described to me it was just uncalled for it was unacceptable and you know the aspect of responding about just subscribing to my podcast I mean theoretically he could have uh you know you could respond that way to a question, but I think it was the removal, initiating the removal from the media. We get a lot of money from these people, the NBA. The media is a vital. Every year for a training camp in the NFL, we have a media meeting where it tells you, like, hey, this is just a matter of fact. Our relationship with the media is a massive piece of the business of our league like there is times where you're going to have to speak when you don't want to speak they are a crucial role of it some of them are terrible you still this is just how it goes it's part of the game i assume the nba does the same thing happy to hear you know that the lady though who got hit in the face here in indiana sitting out of nowhere got some justice in the nba if she doesn't want to press charges, and I respect the hell out of the Indianapolis police, we have great relationship with them, and there's obviously not everybody's perfect and they've certainly made mistakes, but there's a lot of people there that are good. We shouldn't just be chasing a case in a competitive, you know, and hopefully that'll end up happening. Let's move forward here. Pat Bev suspended four games by the NBA. Frank Vogel fired. See ya. See ya. Frank Vogel out and in comes. Go ahead, Boston. Yeah, Sean, was Mike Budenholzer kind of slid in right away already? That was pretty quick. What was the process there? And then why the hell would a guy want to go coach for the Suns if, you know, you take a team to the playoffs and then, you know, get fired after the first year? Like team to the playoffs and then you know get fired after the first year like what's the point of even taking that job if the same thing happens next year because we all know how their cap situation is right now so let's start with the process the process was if you're going to fire a guy like frank vogel you want to make sure you're able to be in position to get his replacement and that replacement being someone that could be the caliber of mike boone holder he's probably the most accomplished head coach on the coaching market right now. When you think about it, he's won a championship with Milwaukee. He's been a part of championships in San Antonio under Greg Popovich. He's obviously a multiple-time Coach of the Year award winner as well. So Mike Booneholder, the pedigree that he brings to Phoenix and being able to have the ability to really be an offensive guy, creativity offensively, that's a big component of all this. We spoke about it last week. The aspect of Frank Vogel being a defensive-oriented coach and Kevin Durant, Devin Booker, Bradley Beal, they need to figure out ways to maximize and optimize those three offensively because they've got so much money locked in just on those three guys. This team paid almost $260 million for the roster and luxury tax this year. So this is a high-priced team. They want to continue to build around the big three. And if you're going to do that, you're going to have to bring in someone that can offensively maximize them. And so they targeted Mike Boonholzer. They're having discussions with Mike Boonholzer to nail down that contract. But the plan is to hire him in the coming days he is starting even conversations with the Devin Bookers and Kevin Durant to the world this weekend to start the ball rolling on that relationship but the why of it all is the is a talent at the end of the day when you have Devin Booker and Kevin Durant and Bradley Beal there's not a shortage of coaches out there in the market pool that really views those three guys and really thinks, how can I turn this around? How can I go into Phoenix and turn this into a winner? Because the talent perspective they have, guys, and it is Mike Boonholzer. He's got the pedigree. He's never lost anywhere he's been. He's won in San Antonio as an assistant. He's won as a head coach in Atlanta. He's won coach of the year. He's led a team that didn't have as much talent as this to the conference finals in Atlanta. Obviously, we know about the championship in Milwaukee. Also, it's not bad. I'm told his deal is going to approach the eight-figure range per year. Mike Booneholder will also get paid a good amount to go to Phoenix. Ishby is just rolling money out of his pockets. just rolling money out of his pockets. We need to find a winner. We need to find a winner quick. Let's go ahead and do that for the great people of Phoenix. We're running out of time, and I know there's a couple other things we want to talk about. I'm excited to see what happens with Frank Vogel going forward. Tone has a question for you. Yeah, Shams, it's May 10th, and we don't know what LeBron and Bron, from everything I hear, wants to play up to two more NBA seasons. And the assumption around the league, and obviously the Lakers want to bring him back. And the Lakers want to be in a position where if it is drafting Bronny in the second round, they do have interest in bringing Bronny James in as a draft pick. So Bronny James is going to start his process at some point here, either before the draft combine next week in Chicago to go work out for teams or after the draft combine. But he has to get full clearance to go work out. Obviously, he had the heart incident before his USC tenure last summer. So, Bronny James is getting back on the court. We'll see where he ends up in the draft. But LeBron James, by all accounts, I think the Lakers are in position. The Lakers are in position. Well, that's a totally different story. They're going to start interviews here shortly. I think next week, the week after that, I would expect the Lakers to really ramp up their head coaching search. Frank Vogel was there before. I have not heard him as a candidate. Come on. J.J. Redick's going to get that job. Backwards hat wearing ass, J.J. Redick's going to get that job. Backward tap, wearing ass, J.J. Redick's going to get that job? I would look at names like Kenny Atkinson, J.J. Redick. Those two names are potential as well. They had interest in Mike Boone. Obviously, now he seems like he's in position there. But, I mean, even guys like David Adelman, who's an assistant coach in Denver right now, James Brago, an assistant coach in New Orleans right now. They're going to have a wide net. I would expect them to interview an abundance of candidates. But LeBron James, they're going into it with the mindset of having LeBron James, building around him, building around Anthony Davis. But listen, LeBron James has until June 29th to pick up his option or not. He also will want to see what moves do the Lakers make before that option date. All right. We appreciate the hell out of you. You're always on it. Always on it. Always handsome. Look at this guy. He's got a good  he's got a new background, but still a great one. We appreciate you. Ladies and gentlemen, Sean Perron. Yeah, Sean. Hey. So, LeBron's going to draft if he can clear. Yep. Yep, probably the Lakers. LeBron's playing up to two years, probably with the Lakers. David Blatt's coaching the Lakers. Yeah, Lakers are interviewing a bunch of guys no one's ever heard of so they can fire them eventually if they don't win the championship. I heard J.J. Reddick's name. Yeah, that's the only one that I heard. Could be his last coach. You don't like Kenny Atkinson? Podcast and games. J.J JJ and LeBron are an unbeatable duo. We'll be back with Hour 2 on the other side. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. In an abandoned warehouse, Arthur Isaac Fischel, the world's AI authority, has summoned the Earth's most influential doofuses for an emergency meeting about the terrifying powers of artificial intelligence. Antonio Margherita, influencer from Italy. Vladimir Brovoshnikovsky. Chad Speed. Jim. We catch up with them mid-dinner as Artie Fish tries his damnedest to get the influencer's attention. Yes, that'll work. Thank you. Scram. Excuse me. Let's get down to brass tacks, boys. The real reason we're here. AI is a problem. It's gonna kill us all. It's hard to take you seriously with the way you're facing the truth. I mean you look like a fucking asshole. What are you talking about? Oh! The only thing artificial is those fucking balls you call balls. You look absolutely absurd. You guys don't understand. You're not listening to me, okay? I'm wearing this because AI can hear your thoughts. It can get into your brain, you ain't got no fucking brain once again struggling to take anything you say serious my team told me i should come to this you look like a joke you look like a joke like an absolute jerk off does this look like a joke huh that's a nuclear bomb no that's fake just like a bad? Huh? That's a nuclear bomb! Nah, that's fake. Fucking Batman puts marbles in plastic bags. You need a goo mom, I think. You guys aren't listening! This right here, AI gave to me. A nuclear freaking bomb. It's a... Told me the only way to save this screwed up world is to blow it up. Is this guy awake? Idiot. Wake up, asshole. He wouldn't hit somebody with a gun. No, yeah, fuck. No, don't you worry. This one is foolproof. I doubt it. I brought it here, boys. Not just for show. What? Because I'm going to blow up the world right now! Holy shit! That's Jack Carr! Turns out, that was an actual nuclear bomb. Arthur Isaac Fischel was going to blow the entire world up, and Jack Carr saved us all. It was his actual first shot. And Artie Fisch is actually dead. Forever. Thank the Lord that Jack Carr sensed trouble. Hell yeah, Jack Carr. Hell yeah. Jack Carr, sense trouble. Hell yeah, Jack Carr. Hell yeah. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young please seek permission before watching any further. This show stinks and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't die! We won't die! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode. The Thunderdome on this feel-good Friday, May 10th, 2024. Hour 2 of the sports program starts now. Sports are wonderful and we are lucky to be the sports stooges that you spend your afternoons or evenings or mornings with whenever you decide to allow us to penetrate your ears and eyes for a reason that we still don't fully understand but the time in which we're in right now although it's not football season let's not get it twisted yep and i didn't hear awesome river say that he didn't no he's the time we're in right now is majestic because not only is the nba and the NHL holding up every single night. At least one game a night is electric. One game is a good one. There's been overtime multiple nights in a row. There's been three goal comebacks in the NHL. There's been 10-point, 20-point swings in the NBA every single night. But let's never forget that the reason why this time of year is so awesome is because Mother's Day is on Sunday. Yeah, that's right. All set. Can't wait. All set. Never forget it. So pumped for it. We talked about it yesterday. Mother's Day is Sunday, Thursday. May 9th was the name of yesterday. Today, obviously, feel good Friday, May 10th. But what we need to remember is On Sunday, it's not about us. At all. It's about the effort in which we show to say thanks to those that have given birth. We appreciate you, Mom. Thank you, Mom. All the moms. My mom, I'd like to thank a little bit more. Sure. And then my wife, who is the mom of my daughter, I'd like to thank her, obviously, a little bit more. But we'd like to thank all the moms. Of course. And a happy Mother's Day. Talks at the table is here. At Boston Connor. At Ty Schmidt. Con Man, have we figured out what that shirt is two days before Mother's Day? It's a dog. It's an Australian Shepherd, I believe. He's going to tell everybody it's a panda. It is not a panda. not being a dog so that he could continue to perpetuate his pandas or propaganda theory that he's been bullshitting this entire time. Absolutely. No, no, no, no. Look, I saw some other people as well think that it's a dog. My own pop-pop thought that it was a dog, but no. This is a panda. You can see the snap on this thing, and I think that the fact that there's even a debate whether this is a panda or a dog right now just furthermore proves that pandas are not real because you can't even discern the difference between a dog and a panda and you should be able to because one's supposed to be a bear and one's supposed to be a dog and i guess yeah but wolves and dogs are confused all the time there's two different animals absolutely but those are dog those are puppet dog eyes yeah yeah aka panda eyes boom I don't know what you want. That's the Australian Shepherd right there. Exactly. Look how much more white there is around these eyes. It's not like a corgi. I mean, pandas are all the exact same. I'm sorry that some dogs look like pandas. Or do some pandas look like dogs? See? Now, all of a sudden, you guys don't even know. Anyways, let's move along. We've had a wonderful wildlife week. It has been wildlife week. It has been. Educational program. We didn't know. Pandas maybe sometimes are actual dogs painted to look like pandas in actual zoos. Or all. Gotta do what you gotta do sometimes. Or all. Sometimes there's humans that dress up like pandas to help the younger pandas feel more comfortable that it's not a human, it's a panda. Not all pandas are humans. But we did learn about turtles being racist. Can't change. We've got to remember that going forward. And we also learned that there's some dogs over there in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Russell Wilson, what a beast. You are now the owner of the Dorsal Fin Football, one half of the Hammer Cowboys Tundigs. Congratulations. Did you steal this off of Ty's desk? The dorsal fin football, one half of the hammer. God. Cowboys, Tundigs, congratulations. Did you steal this off of Ty's desk? How did you get the dorsal fin football over to your setup over there? Do you want me to say what actually happened? Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Ty said, I'm done with this thing. Okay? I did. And he almost just threw it on the ground back here, and I said, give me the dorsal fin. That is now my cross to bear. I will take responsibility for the dorsal fin. I will take responsibility for Russell Wilson, whatever happens this season with him. That is now my cross to bear. I accept all responsibilities for what he does. All of them? Do you know how to calibrate it? Do I know how to calibrate it? I've sat next to this man, basically the inventor of the calibration, and I have studied under his... For those that don't know, that ball right there that's orange on the corner of his desk, he's the worst footballer ever created. It's Russell Wilson's football. It is. First series. The second one, much better, we think, from looking at it. It's impossible to catch. It doesn't throw anywhere near where you think it's going to go. But I'll tell you what if you get up in a wind stream or a jet stream oh yeah it can go it can really really go that's why anytime it is used for aiming at something here for a giveaway it's always like all right we'll give a thousand people 500 because it's literally like you're just throwing a scratch off into the sky that is what that ball is but the thing about it on the other end if you were to be able to throw it to somebody to catch it, you can't catch it because there's knives on the back end of it. Yes. And it's as hard as a brick. Yeah, these are Shintake knife metal, actually. Okay. I appreciate the actual exacts of it. It is as if you're training like Aaron Donald with knives with that football. So now, Russell Wilson's your quarterback. It's your ball. I also took the 10 out of 10 minted rookie Justin Fields card from Zeke. That is also now my cross to bear as well. A lot of money. Wow. So if that dorsal fin does bad, you're moving that thing center stage. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of weight on my shoulders this upcoming season with a lot of a lot on the line. Have you said things about either of them in the past? Have you said things about either of them in the past? No. Not negative ones. Not negative. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. The word's right out of my mouth. Never. So if something happens, there isn't going to be any, hey, you remember when you said this happening this season? I never said that. A lot of Pittsburgh people kind of super juiced about Justin Fields and Russell Wilson. Should be. I think so, too. It It's kind of like Kenny Pickett in the preseason last year. You mean Super Bowl? You mean when Seven was back on? You should worry about your own team right now, okay? Oh, MCDC missing rookie minicamp for personal reasons. We hope everything's okay. We love you, MCDC. We do. Legitimately, keeping MCDC away from an actual camp of football, we assume this is something gigantic. We're going to hope it's for a positive reason, even though, you know, that's not everybody's natural inclination. MCDC, we hope everything's all right. Love you, pal. Good luck, man. Good luck, man. Right here, man. Douche. Douche, douche. Joining us now is a man who's in an attic in Ohio. I'll tell you what, he's fantastic. He's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup and gentlemen this guy president of ohio i think it's even on his wikipedia wow aj hawk yeah that cut man how are you hawker hey is uh is a big baby the most positive person on the planet i think yeah you know she's an inspirational speaker for real okay no matter what your circumstances it's how you respond how do i react to whatever's going on around me yeah the silver lining in going to jail is the fact that you can't eat good so you're maybe not fat anymore. Yeah. Yeah, and that is... He's going to be Dwayne Johnson, right, when he comes out, is that what he said? Yeah, I'm going to get jacked. I'm going to get so jacked. Jacked, baby. And then he ended that it, that's going to hit the Internet. And that's going to go a long time. And a lot of different subsects of Twitter are now running that. And it's certainly something. But you're right. Immediately upon finding out he's going to jail for three and a half years. It's a long time. Long time. You're in college for about that amount of time. Exactly. How much money did he get? He had to take a ton of money to get that many years, right? From what we read, 22 people involved, 18 players. We'd assume there'd be some doctors that are writing fake things involved as well and maybe some other people unaffiliated to the entire thing. 5 million. So if it's 5 million amongst the entire 22 people, it's like three and a half years. Holy shit. That feels like a lot of... Can we find this guy? Can we pay back more? Can you tax him? Can you say, oh, that's funny. You now owe us this, and if you're not able to get that money back, then you go to jail. But just like three and a half... I think it's because of the Popeye's chicken private plane briefcase flex thing. I think that's potentially maybe a part of it but is that even allowed to be used in court i don't know and it's like i to your point though super positive yeah super positive somehow in the middle of it all the tweet that came out made it seem like he was the ringleader like he was the one that kind of spearheaded this whole thing so i wonder if it's like hey you're the brains behind this operation somebody's got to pay it's gonna be you okay so he's uh he's obviously made some massive shots for sultan oh yeah legend he's an eternal optimist it sounds like yeah yeah oh yeah if he's the ringleader of this entire thing good leadership qualities yeah absolutely okay good you can make guys do whatever organizational skills logistics had to be right for at least 22 people yep um smart yeah business sense now he just the only thing that was dumb and it's very very dumb and i think we need situations like this to happen publicly for everybody to be reminded where we are technology wise and yeah we have it in our phones. The government has it too. So, like, we are at a stage where you think you can get away with something. You can't. You're not. Like, that is a real conversation that seemingly needs to happen. Now, there's always going to be people that think they're untouchable. Sure, of course. And there's always going to find you. And they're going to get you. Three and a half years. It's a long time. That's so long in jail. Is anyone else serving any time or just him? Bruce just said, and I don't know if this is the same thing, though. There's a guy who played for the Nets. Terrence Williams is gone for 10 years oh shit okay for the same thing right he he orchestrated the okay let's get back to this a person is joining us now that uh obviously has 45 businesses okay and i think they're all successful yep and the reason is because the way he went about doing his job i assume ever since he was in high school through now he's one of almost a robotic work ethic an incredibly affable personality leadership qualities that not a lot of humans are born with in a southern accent that everybody has to listen to what he's saying so you get good people paying attention ladies and gentlemen not only a hall of famer and super bowl champion multiple time the founder and owner of omaha productions that is slaughtering everything in sports media. Ladies and gentlemen, Peyton Manning. Yeah, Peyton! How are you? I mean, whenever I'm having a tough day, I need to come on this show just to hear Pat's intro. I mean, it brightens my day every single time. Oh, good. I'm happy to hear that. You've obviously done a lot for me looking at this show. If I'm happy to hear that. You've obviously done a lot for me looking at the show. If I'm never a teammate with you, this shit doesn't happen. I understand that. And I will always be grateful and appreciative of that. But let's talk about the newest thing that you guys have created. And whenever we found out about it during the women's season, towards the end of it there, we thought, wow, this is incredible because of all the magic that happened. Full court press, a behind-the-scenes look at the women's college basketball season through the eyes of all the stars, including Barboso and Kaitlyn Clark, and obviously bloaters in there out of Iowa, and Dawn Staley and the girl from UCLA. UCLA, Kiki Rice. Kiki Rice. And we got real footage. We're talking, we're at holidays, we're at practices, we're behind the scenes. Congratulations. This is huge. How did it come together, and what are your expectations of the people's reactions? Yeah, thanks, Pat. Yeah, it's called Full Court Press. It opens tomorrow on ABC, episodes 1 and 2 from 1 to 3 Eastern, and then 3 and 4 on Sunday from 1230 to 230 Eastern. Look, we did the quarterback show with Patrick Mahomes, Cousins, Marcus, and we were kind of doing the editing for that, Pat, in the spring of 23. And we said, hey, women's college basketball is about to hit a new peak. Should we try to do this in another sport? And obviously, Kaitlyn Clark's kind of where it started. I did a Zoom with her, kind of talked about the idea for her. She was on board, and we found these things are better when you have multiple players, right, not just focused on one single player. Kaitlyn actually wanted to have other players in it as opposed just to focus on her. So we got Camila Cordoza. We got Kiki Rice. It's three different players, three different schools, three different backgrounds, three stories. And it's just been fascinating to go behind the ropes, Pat, just like we did in quarterback, to see what these women go through, the sacrifices they make, the hard work they put in to achieve their goals and their dreams. We got unprecedented access, and I think people are really going to enjoy it. It's been a lot of fun to be a part of. Perfect timing for me personally, and I feel like a lot of people. We have, and we're not saying we're right for this. We are not saying we're right, but we are open about it. In the last two years, we've fallen in love with women's college basketball, and it was because the March Madness that happened, not this past one, the one before, all the storylines were awesome. like all the storylines were awesome like this lsu team storyline iowa with caitlin south carolina this usc has it's like the storylines were awesome so then this past season obviously we paid attention with caitlin clark selling out every arena and ratings through the roof it's perfect timing for a lot of us newcomers to basically get a chance to learn about how these ladies got here because every time like kelsey plum comes on, Kaitlyn comes on, I'm like, hey, we hear the stories about, like, Kobe, you know, rest in peace, obviously Mamba mentality. We hear the stories. How many shots a day are you putting up? Like, what is the... Because to get to that point at that stage, the amount of work, and I'm excited that you guys are going to the sport can learn some quick history behind it all. Is that a part of it, Peyton? Because obviously you were that way where it was like we're taking 1,000 reps before we're getting in there. Is that part of the showcase of what we're going to see here on Full Court Press? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, these girls didn't just show up and all of a sudden become great players. Kaitlyn played on boys' teams growing up as a kid. Her parents put her on boys' teams, and so she learned to be competitive. She was dominating against boys. She was beating up on her brothers a little bit, if you will, and that just kind of fed that competitive drive in her. Camila, look, grew up in Brazil. Her mother sold spices on the street. The fact that she moved as a teenager to the States, she starts out at Syracuse, transfers to South Carolina. Her journey is incredible. Her mom got to see her play for the first time in the United States on senior night at South Carolina. Kiki Rice's dad played at Yale. She went to kind of a great academic school in D.C., not really known for sports. And all of a sudden, they realized, wow, this girl's pretty special. She and her dad kind of put in the time and the work. She goes to UCLA, part of this incredible recruiting class. Watch out for the UCLA Bruins next year in women's college basketball. So you see the behind the scenes stuff. Wait a minute. We got recruiting analysis going on here too. I love this. Go ahead, AJ. I love it. Peyton, do you ever wish now that you may have had a film crew follow you around for maybe one season during your career? I know at the time I'm sure you would not want it, but looking back now, that could be something you could show your kids. Absolutely. It's a great question, AJ, because look, I was approached a couple of times and I just didn't really understand it. I probably didn't trust the people that were kind of pitching me because I felt like, are you going to have my back? Are you just going to try to use all the stuff they're going to make a good show but might put our team in a bad spot? Are you going to be a distraction to the team? Those are all fair questions that we still get asked, but the fact that we did quarterback that first year and Patrick Mahomes wins the Super Bowl and wins the MVP of the league, it's been easier to pitch these things now, AJ. I guarantee if one of you does this, you will win a national championship. And Cordoza does that. Kaitlin Clark was the first pick of the draft. Kiki Rice had a great season. Here we go. Felt like I started out on the right note. But I do wish that I had more of my Colts career probably documented behind the scenes to show my kids, to show my grandkids one day. And that's kind of my pitch to these young women. Make this a memento to show to your kids one day what you used to do, how hard you used to work. And we appreciate these young women giving us the access and kind of trusting us. And look, I've seen all four episodes. They are incredible people and they're incredible athletes as well. That's great for the sport. It's good for sports media. It's good for sports as a whole. We appreciate it because obviously you pitching these things, I don't want to say much more likely to get done, but much more likely to get done than probably maybe anybody else on earth so like you creating these things for us as sports fans to watch and to be a part of is really cool too we appreciate you spending your like uh and i said robotic work ethic but let's say your hyper focus on building this type of shit we're very we made a graphic of all the things that we could find that you've been a part of. Jesus. Look at this, dude. Hey, I understand you're great at football. Okay. We're all very lucky to be your teammate and everybody watching you play football is lucky. But what you have done since retirement is like Hall of Fame worthy in like the media world. And you're still just very young in the game. Keep killing it for all of us in this stuff oh yeah please keep going it's been fun pat to kind of be sort of you know maybe to use a cheesy football analogy kind of the offensive coordinator in the press box right i don't have to be sort of the quarterback on the field and to kind of be behind the scenes and you know make calls to caitlin clark and uh you know make make calls to Patrick Mahomes and be a part of these shows. And to see them come to fruition and to see this show debut on ABC kind of in prime time this weekend. I feel like I'm more proud of the shows that I'm not physically in as opposed to the ones that I am in. And it's just been fun to be a part of that. Yeah, I couldn't imagine the voice memos you're sending to these people. I couldn't even imagine what they are. Last question here about another thing you have cooking for the fall. Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, Peyton, it was either announced or confirmed that Bill Belichick is going to join you and Eli on the Manning cast, and we got a chance to spend a couple days around Bill for the draft this year, and he obviously crushed it. It was incredible. Have you thought at all about how those interactions or how that process is going to go? And are you considering giving him shit the same way that you give Eli shit on Manningcast? Well, it was an easy pitch to Bill because I said, Bill, we want you to come on, and we'd love to go behind the ropes on the defensive side as to kind of what what the eagles are going to have to do to stop patrick mahomes right and if you ever run out of things to say just make fun of eli right that's always sort of a time filler and bill doesn't like eli right we all know that yeah two super bowls so just a match made in heaven. That's the idea. Bill is going to be a permanent guest on every Manningcast show early in the game, probably the first quarter, to take people behind the ropes as to what this defense has to do or what the quarterback's challenges are. Tom Brady used to always tell me he would sit down with Belichick on Monday or Tuesday to start the week, and Bill would kind of tell Tom, let me tell you the basis of this defense. Here's the D coordinator. Here's his history. Here's what they're being taught, Tom. So here's what you need to try to do to overcome the holes in those defenses, right? Tony Dungy did that with me when I played for the Colts, Pat. So I can't tell you the advantage to having a defensive coach to take the quarterback behind the ropes on that defense. It made me a better quarterback. So Bill's going to do that. I think the audience is going to be fascinated how smart he is. Look, you guys saw how witty he is. I watched the draft show you guys did. It was awesome. He's quick-witted. He's funny. And like I said, he's just brilliant when it comes to defense and offense, right? I mean, the guy can flat out coach. I really think Bill, deep down all these years, would have just preferred to have been the linebacker's coach and just coach football, right? Okay, I'll be the head coach. I understand that. But he's so good at just coaching ball. Nick Saban's the same way. I think Nick wanted to be the secondary coach deep down all along. I'll be the head coach. But those guys never got away from coaching and the positions. And I think that's what makes them such great coaches. So we're excited about it. It's going to be a lot of fun. AJ, quick Pat McAfee story, just to segue a little bit. Pat ran an auction at the Peyton Manning Children's Hospital fundraiser. A lot of you guys were there. You know, it's hard to tell a talented guy not to say something, right? Like you can't tell them, hey, don't cuss or don't say that, right? I remember one time I was at the Espy's and they told Will Ferrell not to make fun of John Elway's teeth. Well, he made three jokes about John Elway's teeth, right? So, can't tell him that. So, I don't say anything to Pat. He gets up there for the auction, Blue Collar, Indianapolis, Doctors Community, Indianapolis. Pat says, how lucky are we to live in the greatest city in America? Crowd goes crazy. They go wild. He says, hey, listen, my wife and I had our first child. Our child had some health issues. We brought him here to this hospital. You people saved my child's life. Now people are crying, right? I mean, he has them on his fingertips, right? I'm like, okay, where is this going? He goes, now get your effing wallets out and let's raise some effing money. And we have more money than we've ever had in the history of the event. I've never seen a more beautiful introduction. Kudos to you, Pat. Well, thank you. And I appreciate the internet turning off immediately upon a compliment. But thank you. I was lucky to be there, man. That was a cool event. You've done so many amazing things for this city. You know, everybody sees the statue downtown and they're like oh that's because of how good he was on the field it's like guy's got children's hospital here like his name is on a children's hospital here in indianapolis the amount of effect that you have had and still have here is a great one i was lucky to be there my wife was pumped she got to get all dressed up you know not a lot of to-dos that we get to go to. The boys were there. You're doing great things, man. I'm lucky to be a part of it. So anytime you need me to swear at one of these super high-class society events, you got it, pal. I swore at a Disney upfront last year. I mean, that... I was there for that. I saw that. That was special also. Yeah, well, and I don't mean to. It's just, Are we trying to do this or not? We appreciate you. We can't wait to watch Full Court Press debuting tomorrow on ABC. Tomorrow. ABC. One o'clock Eastern. Episodes one and two. You're the man. Ladies and gentlemen, Peyton Manning. Yeah, Peyton! That was a good time. That was a good time. Yeah, it was so fun. That was a good time. And the interview you guys did Parker and Peyton up there too. Oh yeah, then he broke that he and George Strait are doing Texas A&M Field. Yeah, on his birthday. Didn't you publicly say that before it was official? No, no, no. Parker did. Parker did. Peyton did. No. Peyton did. Peyton. The sheriff. That's a good promo. Great promo. I wasn't a part of all the preparation for isn't our business you know that i do like hey i i'm not there for all of it like game day i get to go to the production meetings which is awesome so i know exactly what's coming but a lot of things it's just like i'm we're i'm learning as the whole like wrestling like wrestling right yeah yeah like i'm learning as your fan watch your fan watching it just like us not only wrestling but like if i go talk at something or at something, it's like I am learning how this is going in the moment as we are doing that. So in the middle of that interview, whenever he drops that he's doing the George Strait show, I'm like, oh, hell yeah, all right, so we're talking about this. So pumped. I'm like, you're doing the show. And then he says, well, that hasn't been announced yet. So then I gassed it up, obviously, a little bit in the moment. But I guess that could have been quite a problem. Yeah, Peyton immediately was like, oh, my God, I'm so sorry. No one say that if you leave this room. He was not happy that he let that slip. I forget how much money. I think it's like $50 million. What would the city be like? If Peyton was never drafted by the Colts what what would indianapolis be right now so it'd be racing i think racing city still and uh there'd be some i think football people out here so i think there would be some colts fans uh pacers would still be i think but it's just don't you think it shows you the impact that one draft pick can have like one franchise quarterback what they could do now that entire like jeff saturday still on billboards around here. You know what I mean? Like Gary Brackett, like there's an entire group there that like Reggie Wayne is coaching right now. Like there's an entire, Dallas Clark could come back and start a business here if he wanted to. Yeah, Freeney. Dwight Freeney going into Hall of Fame this year. So many. Like that entire group there are obviously very welcomed anywhere in Indianapolis. But, yeah, it is just like the guy that came, though, and told Bill Pullian, like, I'm interviewing you at the Combine. You're not interviewing me in this entire thing. And there was still a conversation about, like, is it Ryan Leaf or is it Peyton and all that type of stuff. Who was the writer, the guy that got high in Vegas? Hunter S. Thompson. Hunter S. Thompson. Didn't he write a letter to Jim Irsay? Yeah. Saying, hey, this Peyton boy, I don't think so. This Ryan Leaf kid is the real deal to Jim Irsay. Wrote a letter to him as he's in the middle of trying to figure that entire thing out. So there was real debate on who to do. And then Peyton comes to Indianapolis and this is a football town. I mean, that is just how it goes, and it's a beautiful thing. And I was very lucky to be his teammate. I mean, Jesus. He put me on basically everything. I mean, he was very cool to me, way too nice to me. Great team. I think it was because I could chug a beer fast. He'll tell you that, too. That helps. That was how he turned his head first time. What was that? I that again yeah that was good morgan thank you morgan thomas shout out thank you morgan town west virginia for setting me up and thank you to wvu for preparing me for a friendship with a maybe one of the greatest television producers in the history of the world whenever i'm in the television business maybe where you honed your skills okay that started at phs brothers yeah i was chugging pitchers in high school. Beer and Red Bull. Oh, that apply? Great combo. In one pitcher? In a pitcher? Yeah. I mean, Red Bull vodka pitchers, I've heard of, not beer and Red Bull. Yeah, yeah, I don't know. Delicious. It was a great decision. It didn't taste too bad. You know, obviously. Yeah, it gets you going. I'm going Try it tonight. Don't. You're not supposed to. That's my drink. Beer's a downer, and Red Bull just kind of... It's like a drink of water. No, no, no. These are doing... No, it's not. No, it even... Let's get weird. Let's get wild, brother. Remember, this is an educational program. This is not... You should not be doing this. It's educational. Able Vodkas I drank in a series of my life. Buddy. Never again. Can't do that. They still around? Oh, yeah, brother. They're still around. Don't you worry. There should not be, though. Hey, that one's getting you. Oh, yeah. You know what they say. I've never experienced somebody having it happen to them, and I'm probably on deck, potentially. But, boy, once you start seeing those videos of what the science is doing, it's like, yeah, I think I'm going to stop doing that. I think I'm going to stop drinking those things. They would, too. You're buying a full pitcher of Red Bull vodka and drinking one of those and finish it and then going and getting another and winding up like 40 miles from where your house is. Well, Four Locos, too. You're right. The original Four Locos, they just let those out into the wild. Yeah, gasoline. You can buy them at gas stations. They were just letting people out in the wild like that. Nick was a whole new human. I've said it numerous times. There was Four Loco Nick era. Boy, you guys should have seen this guy. I wish. He was on the bar, you know? I would come back, and normally I am an excitable person, so if things happen, I'm doing this. Nick is certainly a person that enjoys having a good time, but not as outwardly is he doing this. This guy's on the bar. This guy's leading the square dance at the country bar that we were walking into. I'm like, what is this? They're like, oh, this is Four Loko. I'm like, blue razz. Lee, shit. Weird things happen when you can black out for five bucks. Amen. Very dangerous what was going on with those. I'm happy they kind of righted the ship there. Kind of a bummer. Dude, I'm telling you, you don't need it. You don't need it. Those times were wild. Just think about the generation we're dealing with right now. There's a chance that if they have four locos injected into their blood when they're 18 that they aren't the same as what they are now. No, there's a lot of different things that were different in our era versus this era. And I've been thinking about this a lot. Think about those kids that went through high school and COVID. Oh my God. At their house. So, like at my house we had one computer obviously. Dial-up internet me and my brother would have been splitting that screen i did not know that would have been impossible how it actually would have been times or who knows yeah so sometimes dial up you can't do a dial-up anyway so just think about that that was like back in the day for how many years was there like just that one like the amount of that's a wild thing that they were just kind of... Also, just the assumption that not everyone has a computer. Bingo. That's what I'm saying. How do we even... Tight quarters to your locked-in house. Tight quarters for... You're doing a sentence. How do you pay attention when you have four or five siblings, too, trying to figure everything out at the same time? I don't want to say kids because obviously they're adults and they'll be treated as such for what they're doing. But they're different. That is a whole different world. I couldn't even imagine an entire generation how much that happens. So my sister was a senior in high school when COVID happened. So what they had to do for a lot of it was because of the teachers, really. It wasn't as much as the kids. It would be like in every other day. So like tuesdays she would have you know a b and c class and then thursdays she would have you know d e f class if that makes sense or monday how many hours are we in front of computer i'm i believe it was you know six full school day yeah like it wasn't it wasn't oh my god think about that and then let alone like in between classes when you're socializing yeah and like meeting people yeah that just completely missed a couple years of that, didn't they? A year and a half at least, right? I mean, all those senior year events that you, you know, look forward to and you watch kids do, they didn't get to do any of those. No prom, no nothing of that. Yeah, as a development. Exactly. That would potentially be. Hey, we're pulling for you. Figure it out. It was crazy that it happened, obviously. Happy we survived. Happy we survived. Took out a lot of people. Anyways, moving on. There is a sport that has survived somehow. That's right. Hasn't it? Thrive. No idea. Thriving, yeah. Thrive. You could argue it's thriving right now. Yeah. Because skis. We're in the middle of a thrive time. Yeah, we are. Ladies Yeah, we are. Ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of baseball. From the Mayor's Office podcast and also the MLB Network, Yinzer, MLB legend. Ladies and gentlemen, Sean Case. Let's go. Hey, boys, keep getting on Pat. Make sure he's a baseball fan. We're going to turn him soon, baby. We're going to turn him soon. Hey, Bryce Harper continues to be as handsome as he is, as strong as he is, and keeps hitting as many dongs as he keeps hitting, you might get me for the last 50 games. That's more of a commitment than any other league that I've ever given in my entire life. I'll give you 50 games at the end of this thing, but we're a little bit early. Let's talk about some of these storylines, more specifically in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as this this jersey is now a collector's item. That's right. This jersey is now a Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. It is a jersey. It is a jersey. Name on the front, they should maybe think about. a jersey. It is a jersey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It is a jersey. The name on the back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Name on the front. They should maybe think about it. Mystic Dan's, it said. Mystic Dan's. Okay, okay. Anyways, Paul Skeens is debuting for the Pittsburgh Pirates this weekend. We just sent him a T-shirt that he enjoyed that Boston Connor had on whenever he came through here. We got a chance to talk to him. This dude's all ball all the time, wants to be great, wants to pitch forever, knows that he has a special talent, and he's only started very recently throwing a hundo on a regular basis, so it feels like his arm is very young and alive. Former catcher, actually, turned into a pitcher. How do we think he's going to do in his debut? Why did it take so long to get him up to the majors? And what are your thoughts on him as a whole, Mayor? Oh, man. Well, Pat, you know, man, being from the Berg and being out here, this place is so excited for Paul Skeen's arrival tomorrow night, tomorrow afternoon against the Cubs. I mean, this is a once-in-a-generational picture. I think when the Pirates looked at this draft, they draft they said you know dylan cruz was kind of sitting there it was an outfielder for lsu and after watching skeens they were saying this is this guy's one of one so how he dominated triple a uh this last month and a half really just ran through it i thought should have been up here sooner but at the end of the day he's here early may but i mean when you look at steven strasburg back in 2010 you know people were so excited about him making the big leagues, and he made an unbelievable debut. I believe he punched out 14 against the Buccos. But Paul Skeens, man, this guy's a five-pitch mix. He sits at 99.9 miles an hour, can throw up to 102, maybe 103. He's got a new pitch he's throwing through called the Splinker. It's the Slinker, the slider and the splitter, I believe, that he added to AAA, which is absolutely filthy. Yeah, he calls it the splinker, the split and sinker combo. So I don't think we've ever seen anything like this. This guy is going to have an incredible career, and I think tomorrow we're going to see what the hype's all about. Okay, I can't wait to watch. Neither can Tone Diggs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Yeah, Mayor, I was just looking at rookie of the year odds in the NL. And, you know, Skeens is at, like, sixth or seventh. But also other bucko, part of the Hundo boys, Jared Jones, is third in the NL rookie year voting. When you get two pitchers like this, like, can you expect the buckos to turn around if if they do anything correct in the front office tone i believe man hey listen at the end of the day you went on the bump right and and jared jones is has been super nasty i mean he's throwing 100 and he's been dominant all year long mitch keller the other day through a complete game uh which was huge but you But you win with three-headed matches. You bring Skeens in, all of a sudden he's your ace. He's your number one. Those guys are going to keep the buckos in the game. I think the big thing with the Pirates this year has been that they haven't swung the bat. So we're kind of waiting for O'Neal Cruz to break out and Sawinski and these guys. But they're going to pitch it. These guys are next level right now in this rotation. Are you going to go hit coach for him? No, no, no. He's going anywhere. He's coming back to the end. You guys were talking shit. You guys were talking shit. Come on, Mayor. We need you, Mayor. I was wrong. I thought Mayor was just in there because of him and Aaron Boone's relationship, and then you know what the mirror did? He changed Anthony Volpe's swing, and he's a completely different guy this year, and that's part of the reason why the Yanks have been so goddamn good. Okay, well, let's talk about you coming to the Pirates, being the hidden coach, because I'm hearing one of the Hondo boys has been pitching well, but nobody can. Jared Jones is an absolute. He's been unbelievable, but he's gotten zero. What are we, the Angels? Zero run production. But worse. All right, well, let's figure that out. Speaking of figuring something out, it feels like this guy has. Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, the mayor. First of all, I would just like to say, again, what you've done for the Yankees. I mean, this is a completely different team last year, and I believe that is just because your presence is still lingering in the clubhouse. But anyway, Shohei is  you got it. Shohei is off to an absolute tear again this year. I mean, if he keeps up this pace, obviously he's probably going to win the MVP. When all this Ipe Mitsuhara stuff is coming out, like, how much do you think that's  I mean, I guess it's not factoring into Shohei now because he's basically been exonerated of any wrongdoing. But can you remember, like, is there any crazier story that's come out of baseball in the last, like, 50 years outside of steroids than what's going on with Shohei and Ipe Mitsuhara? Well, I mean, I think the one you put, I think back to Pete Rose being such a superstar. And anytime gambling's involved, it just makes you nervous. But I think the one thing with Otani is the you know Exonerated from all this from from every everything out there the bottom line is he mean he was really extorted and robbed Victim! He was preyed upon dude! He was preyed upon! Exactly. Yeah, I mean it was it turns out He actually was preyed upon and actually lost a ton of money So I think I think the great thing is because of that we're able to turn the page and look at Ohtani now as home oh my gosh this guy actually is the best hitter in baseball I mean what he's doing you know having over 1100 OPS hitting close to 360 370 all year with damage numbers throughout just balls the dead center left center right center you bring in a lefty to face some BAM you bigger bring in a right nasty righty wham left center it's just incredible what he's doing so the fact that we can focus on otani being the best hitter in the game has been pretty awesome hell yeah best baseball player ever potentially when it's all said and done that's why this was such a bummer this is that's why this is all such a bummer and a shock i think whenever it was coming out and also why i think anybody just jumped to the assumption that he would be a guy that would just throw away everything you know like that that was an interesting because there were some people that probably still they're like nah it's joey it wasn't ipam it's or even though they'll be shown evidence and the government will say like we know we actually tracked it with video we we did this whole we did this whole thing there'll still be people it's like from everything we know about show a why would he he, right? Like this dude is obsessed with baseball, loves it, wants to be the greatest too, right? Yeah, he's obsessed with it and he loves baseball. And I think you're right, Pat, when you said there, like once the FBI gets involved, it would have to be the ultimate coverup for this to be not true. The fact that, you know, for what happened. So at the end of the day, you know, we're looking at a guy that loves baseball, is at a skill set that we've never seen before. We've never seen a guy that can throw 100 miles an hour, pitch the way he does, and then be literally the best hitter in the game right now. So we've never seen this skill set. And Otani wants to be the best, and it's exciting that, you know, we get a chance to see him out there in L.A. doing it every night. Yeah, it's a shame Paul Skeen's about to come in and steal a shirt. That's right. He's got that mustache. Yeah, he does. Got that mustache. Got that great mustache. What if he, hey, is there a chance he looks like he did in the minors here whenever he gets up to the big leagues? I think so. I really do, man, because his play is're going to be in the big leagues. If you're dominating the minors, you've got a good shot to dominate in the big leagues. And this stuff, that's the thing. I've faced guys like Randy Johnson or Billy Wagner, guys with elite stuff. Man, it's a different ballgame. It's very frustrating at bats. A guy that has a five-pitch mix like he does, this is not going to be an easy task for the Cubs or anybody that faces him. Willie Wagner is a dog. Willie Wagner is a dog. He plays in a shitty division, too, which certainly helps. Go ahead, AJ. Jeez. Hey, Sean, you keep mentioning this five-pitch mix that Skeens has. Is that kind of what separates him? We know the stature. He's huge. It's got to be intimidating for batters to get in there. Or just He throws so hard, but I know in the majors the hitters are so good, you have to have a compliment to that. And he throws so hard consistently. What is it that keeps separating him? And like you said, will this continue in this dominance in the majors? Yeah, AJ, you're right, dude. These guys hit velo up there, man. At the end of the day, you could get a bazooka and just launch this thing 140, and they're going to time it up at some point like you have to be able to pitch and i think that's one thing about skeins when you look at him you know he has the fastball that he throws at almost 100 miles an hour he has that that splinker that we were talking about split sinker mix he has a he has a nasty curveball and he has got a great change up and i'll tell you what when you face guys with good velo in the big leagues that can throw a good change up that have the curveball changeup combo, it's all about deception. As a pitcher, you're looking for deception against the hitters. So for a guy that throws that hard, you have to respect that fastball as a hitter. And if you can drop a curveball and a changeup on me and they're on, you're in for a long day as a hitter. Big baseball program here on this Feel Good Friday. Look at us. We're doing baseball. Hell here on this feel-good Friday. Look at us. We're doing baseball. Aren't we right now? We're doing baseball. Paul Skeens, welcome to the show. Welcome to the show, brother. Welcome to Thunderdome. Welcome to the show. He has a, as you talked about his size, he is a fat ass. Big caboose. This guy has a huge ass. And I think just by seeing him sitting here, he's got a lot more room to go weight room-wise too, which I assume will only happen. He is a strappingly large. He's huge. This guy is a monster and still can grow, I think. And I think he's going to. Is that true or is he at his peak right now? What are we talking? Dude, he's 21 years old, 6'6", 240 with a big caboose, I think this guy has a chance to throw 105. I honestly do. I think he's only going to get stronger. Doesn't even have that man strength yet, you know, that dad strength where you go up against your dad, you're still a little nervous because you're like, my dad's got dad strength, even though I'm more jacked than him. Paul Skeens hasn't got there yet, and I think he's only going to get better. All right, let's talk about that dad strength and what a lot of baseball is. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Mayor, look, I'm not a baseball guy. I don't claim to be. I probably will never be one. Oh, man, we're doing baseball right now. And that's why I'm asking the mayor. Ever since Jim Leland retired, I decided I'm not watching this sport without Jim in a dugout. But if you were to sell me on baseball why is now the time to get into baseball is it better than it's ever been and it's only get going to get better or do you think that the athletes now coming in are just so much better than they have been in the past no i think there's a there's a there's a bunch of things that i love connor about you know about the game of baseball i think i think one of the things i love is the pitch clock. I think it's made the games quicker. It's a faster paced game. People are more involved. What they did with the bases too, with the pickover rule and the bases being a little bigger, there's more stolen bases. These guys are more athletic than they've ever been too. I think there's more thunder. There's more power. I think it's just a faster paced game. I more power. I think it's a faster-paced game. I think it's a great game to watch. I think if you and Pat would get in front of that TV night in and night out and you could say, you know what, Connor? We are really watching a great game here and let's start locking in a little more. It's a long time. You got it. We'll try. How many games do we have left? How many games do we have left? Only like 150. No How many games do we have left? Only like 150. No. Yeah, right. It's like 120. It's like 120. Only about 125. Oh, yeah. Way better. That's it? That's all. That's all. Come on. 125. Yeah. We're starting to get to the good part. The weather's starting to change. 125 more games. And don't forget, just one game playing, right? Or is it three games now? They got rid of the one game. That was the best part of baseball. That was the best part of baseball. Alright, we'll get into it. 125 more opportunities for us to fight. You know what? With Skeens going up, how many more? They have 120. Paul Skeens is going to pitch how many if he plays the rest of the season? He'll probably pitch 25 games. 25 rest of the season. He'll probably pitch 25 games. 25, 27 games. Hey, Pat. Lock in, baby. There's your 27 right there. You said 25 to 27. Skeens it starts. Okay. Here we go. Alright. I appreciate you, Mayor. Thank you for joining us, brother. You're the absolute best. We can catch you. Still doing... Are you doing MLB Network? Yep. MLB Network. They're going to be airing the game tomorrow, which is huge. And the Mayor's Office podcast. Tune into that, too. And I love you guys, man. Thanks for having me on. We love you, too, dude. Ladies and gentlemen, Sean Casey. Yeah, Mayor! So much energy, dude. He's the best. I wonder if they're starting tomorrow with a no-hit alert before Skeens even goes on. They gotta. They have to. They will. Have to. Yeah, but the thing  Because what if he does it? What if he actually throws no hitter? You're going to say, man, I wish I would have, you know, done this. The thing about Skeens is  he said he just likes to nap. Yeah. What are you doing off the ice like this? I sleep. I just have a pitch. And then Livvy Dunn's post is like when you wake up from a nap  Yeah. And you That's literally what he told. Have you seen it? I didn't even know there was a zoo here. The zoo is right next. Yeah, they're like right behind the outfield. I don't know. Yeah, I've just been sleeping and throwing base drafts. There's a roller coaster. You can see the roller coaster from most of the parts of the city. Not a clue. No. I know the inside of the dugout. I know what it looks like from the bump. Yeah. That thing pretty focused in. That's awesome. Like, he's laser focused, it feels like. He said he thinks he can reach 105. Does that happen? No. Think about when he grows into his body. He hasn't even grown into his body yet, and he's already a giant. 105? Yeah, definitely not starting pitchers. Why? Because that's just like Goon who can throw hard yeah like a guy who comes in who's throwing one it's like me with field goals got it empty empty in the tank when you come in like if you try to throw 105 for seven innings like you're gonna have tommy john you're gonna throw your arm out got it how about him just he's a house like i don't think people are understanding how big he is well he's got this uh splinker thing it's a blinker don't blink on the splink. I'll tell you that. Whenever the splinker comes flying through, things start moving. Amen. Locked on. Boom. Shout out to Sean Casey. Thank you for joining us. NFL News has been released today. Kind of. Joe Burrow's wrist is being explained a little bit better from what surgery he had, what was injured, and how it went. And, A.J., I do believe I read in the group text, this is the same surgery that you had. You can actually speak on this. And I think Darius Butler also just said in the group text that this is the same surgery he had, which goes to the point of what Joe Burrow said, which was like, hey, my wrist injury and surgery, no other quarterbacks have really ever had. I've had to go to linebackers and offensive linemen and now DBs and this entire thing, more of a physical thing. What was the surgery that we read it was, AJ? And what do you think this means for him as a quarterback? I believe, Joe, I don't know exactly what he had, but the scapula lunate, it's called. It's like a ligament, I guess, in your wrist. I did mine the year we were in the Super Bowl. I got surgery two days after the Super Bowl, actually, on this thing. I had to wear a cast. Yeah. I don't know about the on and off inflammation. It's more about, like, your mobility. Like, I know my wrist, my right wrist, the guy did a very, very good job. But it probably goes back 50% as far as my left. Like, you don't get your full range of motion might be that's the biggest thing i've seen guys that had bad surgeries with this and they have barely any mobility with their wrists yeah and in those positions you don't need to have that much fluidity with the wrist cast it yeah like i cast it the rest of my career basically caught a pick yep yeah the cast on actually in one of them but in the quarterback position especially your throne that is a vital that's a huge thing just like when you're shooting a basketball you you see the wrist and the flick of it is a lot of the accuracy. Now, you're talking about, you know, we're talking velo, the spinning of the ball, the accuracy of the ball, the touch of the ball is all in your hand, in the flick of the wrist. And it's, like, interesting because then he said there's good days, there's bad days. Does that linger, the pain in your wrist? Yeah. I mean, that linger the pain in your wrist uh yeah i mean ever since i've had the surgery yeah okay so but when he did it remember when joe threw it in the game he threw the ball and he kind of like fell to the ground almost right there i was like oh man that that has to be the similar thing that i had because i'd have the exact same feeling for months and months because i had to play with it that year until i didn't want to go on ir and i knew if I got an MRI they'd try to put me on IR so it's a whole when I saw like that it would like pop in and out it would feel like and that's what it looked like having to Joe on the field so painful if you do recall uh I believe yeah the whole thing and you could have said it on the show could like couple this could have been breaking news Monday I didn't know he had scaphoid I don't want to you know I don't speak on anyone's injuries. He's got a lower body. I learned from Mike McCarthy. We don't talk on injuries. But what are those wrist plates you guys wear? Some guys. There's like those wrist braces, so it keeps you from going back. But at least, I don't know, Joe's surgery, my surgery, they had to take a ligament out of my left wrist and put it into my right to replace it. So not as much movement, not as much  Back, yeah, like back, going back that way usually  He said it's halfway, didn't he? You said yours is halfway? No, I said mine is about probably 56% of the other one. He did say  he talked about the flexibility of it though, right? When he talked, he said, yeah, because he was talking about position specific and being a quarterback and the mobility being  it could be  I mean, it could be  he could be fine, it could be nothing, but it also could be something that's  you know, with a quarterback that's huge. Well, and also pass-driven offense. Yeah. Windy. Weather. Yeah, windy. So the  Yeah. Yep. He's going to have to call Phillip Rivers. Yeah, not that anybody  and move it down here. He can just change his motion just to skiff. So it's more like you're throwing like a frisbee almost, skipping a rock. Yeah, just like that. Think about how many touchdowns Phil Rivers threw. Yeah. So good. So good. Yelling at the refs the whole time, yelling at everybody. Just boom, slicing and and diced it. He could have got so many more yards. Could he? I don't know. He had a lot of them. What if he did have full perfect? Phil Rivers might have threw that thing 95 yards. Marino. Could have. We have no idea. I hope Joe. Hey, Joey, of course, you're an Ohio guy you're built for this you're the only quarterback that's ever going to have a linebacker surgery that's how this goes you're gonna figure it out Joey you're gonna figure it out you got this Joe all right as the week ends here on ESPN we can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this quickly as we go around the room uh Tone Diggs favorite thing that happened this week in sport favorite thing that happened this week in in sport was absolutely now it's not my team so but the the fighting the fighting in the nhl has been the best part for me just the absolute scraps of star players oh thank you hockey for throwing it down whenever it calls for it ty how about you favorite uh moment of the week uh paul skeen's getting called up i'm like super super excited to watch that game okay great answer out of Ty. Did not expect that. How about you, Con Man? Best moment of the week? I mean, I went to the Fever game last night. The WNBA being, you know, kicked off here. I'm pumped for next week. AJ, how about you? Best moment of the week in your eyes? I'd say the Cleveland Cavaliers beating the that would ever, ever happen. You're right. And my favorite moment of the week, those racist-ass turtles. Yes. Never would have learned that. No, can't ever. This show, it's a thought. This show is an educational program. It's a sports program. And it's a dumb one. And we can't thank you enough for watching or listening, wherever the hell you may be. We'll be back on Monday with more stupidity, more stupidity than ever. Damn, I didn't think I could get it in. I did, though. You did. Oh, yeah. That was a bobbled end for the week. Safe by a mile. Safe by a mile. No. Great recovery. Do a universe ball, if it was or not. No, I think it was. Is he leaving? He's taking a lap. Taking a lap. Oh, there you go. That's all right. It's like I trip and fall a lot, but if I don't go completely to the ground, I'm like, man, what an unbelievable recovery. A lot? Fall down seven times, right? I'm kind of clumsy. How about that? Yeah. I'm always getting up. 9% luck, 20% skill. J.J. Watt basically saying he's not playing football on the show this week. Yeah, okay. TST goes well. I think he's trying to test his body a little bit. TST, if he feels good. What was he doing in that full sprinter stance? I don't know. What's he planning on doing on the soccer field? He doesn't know. He thinks he's playing goalie. He doesn't know what he's doing. I think he played FIFA a couple times on video game. He's like, my wife's pro. I watch her play the video game all the time. Pass the ball here, pass the ball here. Cross it in here, jump up. Just easy, head it, no problem. He's talking about heading the ball over the place. No, I do. That's hard. I told you, I headed one ball, one cold ball in a sure, but it's going to be 140 degrees. So hot. In Cary, North Carolina. So now you're doing. I'll get some ice towels. I'll give you some ice towels. I'll bring it cooler. Thank you. Hey, that's good. Hey, we need that. We need that. Good team, man. We appreciate you contributing to Concava SC even more. But with how hot it's going to be, then that's a smack of the ball in the face. So you talk about it hurting if it hits you in the face. Everybody thinks it's just so easy just to jump up and hit the ball right here. If you mis-jump that at all, that ball is hitting you all over the place. Hard. Do not head the ball. I don't think you should try to head it. People don't realize that you also have to get up above it. Yeah, down. We're going down with that thing. You also aren't receiving these from eight-year-old girls. It's guys who play in the fucking MLS. It's true. I think he's starting to realize that the more he gets out there. A couple weeks ago, a lot different tone out of Burnley FC's JJ Wall. Is his wife playing more goals? Is it co-ed? Is she playing? She's doing the women's. There's a women's one for a million dollars too. I think it has eight teams and then the men have 20-something. It's like, whoa. These are all legit soccer players everywhere you look on every team I feel like. U.S. team is playing in the women's. I think it's all the ex-U.S. women's national team million bucks they're like yeah uh sure yeah we'll go fucking play for a million like yeah where do we gotta go carry north carolina all right we'll head down the middle of north carolina in the middle of the summer win a million bucks it's like a reunion for everybody yeah it's only eight teams in the women's bracket too it's all games are what 40 minutes so it's not like you're signing up to play you know like an actual right dude i'm legitimately thinking in my head of like trying to remind myself what it was like when i was like 13 14 15 years old going to these tournaments and what my mindset was like oh like just warming up back in the day i just took it for granted like i think i just took the warm the traveling the the warm-ups for granted and then like if i had a slow start to the game like didn't care or whatever and then like oh i'll get a good second half right now my mindset is like i gotta survive warm-up yeah i gotta survive warm-up because warm-up is gonna be yeah warm-up is gonna be enough you know like i'm going down this training camp down in florida next week that'll be a good test though right yeah it's gonna be hot as shit down there too well i'm not gonna survive fucking the warm i was thinking about what they're gonna do just like for the first session. All right, let's do a warm-up. All right, what the warm-up's going to be. Jog two miles and then run a bunch of over-matches. Eight laps around the beep test. You guys do the beep test out there? That's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking that's going to be the precursor for the warm-up. I think that isn't even going to take a stand. I got a meeting. We got a call. Yeah, I'm going to go on the side, got a meeting, and I'm also going to scout the team and just see what you guys are saying. Coach is right here. We could ask. I didn't organize the training camp, or else I would a sponsorship for the team so our players are making good money boom players are making good money i like the times i like the times of the games as well at least the first day 8 30 in the morning 7 p.m yeah that's perfect on the fifth you get you get you just to play in at noon and then wait so you're going good luck game into show game into show into probable uh cold tub maybe a pass out i won't it won't be a nap. It'll just be a sleep for four hours. And then 7 p.m. Wow, yeah. That's how our training camp was in Green Bay with Big Mike for a while. We'd have 8.30 a.m. practice for about two and a half hours and then practice at like 7 p.m. till 9.30. Okay, so it's very... It was terrible. Subs on the fly, brother. I'm telling you, subs on the fly is so massive. Exactly. So massive. I'm with you, Gump. Come on. How we doing, boys? You sub on for a penalty shot if you want. What do you mean? You can cherry pick all day long. Just cherry pick and score goals. We want to win. I don't want to be a 7-on-7. What do you mean? You're like or goal scorers there are on this particular team that we're about to join? No, not in the group we're in, brother. I'm talking about on our fucking team. On our fucking team. We got guys that can find the net, brother. We're trying to win this motherfucker. No doubt. That Newtown team up in Connecticut that won last year, they're flying under the radar. Nobody's talking about them. I think they've only gotten stronger. Well, we're talking about them now, so good luck, brothers. It's Connecticut. I wouldn't be too worried. Who was on the team? I was impressed by their team. I was impressed by their team watching them last year. They had good vibes, too. Good juice. That's important. They had good juice. Vibes are important. So is juice. That Nani squad is stacked. That's the one that I'm going to bring some for halftime. Orange slices. Orange slices, yeah. Orange juice maybe too, though. Three games worth of oranges. I'll bring them. I'm going to bring them from Florida too. I'll get those little energy chews. I don't know if you had those at halftime. Watch my heart, but the boys will eat them. Get some peanut butter. Five-hour energy. I played a game at the base of the Alps and there was a full blizzard and they gave us Belgian tea at halftime. I think that's what they called it. It was wine. Really? It was hot wine. Was it awesome? Yeah, it was pretty cool. Came out pretty loose second half. You want some wine? We can get a couple bottles of red on the sideline. I 7 p.m. game, yeah. 7 p.m. game. I don't know if they're just going to treat it like a men's club. I don't know if that's happening like the way you guys are talking about it. I know Chris Paul's got a team. So if LeBron's on the sideline, there probably will be one. Yeah. There's no way LeBron's going to be on the sideline. He'll be in the game if he's going down there. Oh, my gosh. It's going to be hilarious. Very out of place. It's going to be hilarious. We got a guy on our team 6'4", 6'5", I think. Huge. Okay. How many guys per team? 20. We actually have to make some cuts. It's going to be tough. How many play at a time? Good luck, coach. Huh? How many play at a time? It's about seven. seven, bud. Is it? Dude. And that's why we love him. Went on a seven and a keep or seven including keep, I do believe. Okay. Wow, that's a lot of space up. You guys running a two, two, two? Small field, thank you. I know, but to your point, yeah, you gotta have to play defense. You can't just hang out. Hey, we won't be afraid to park the bus if we get up. You're going 3-2-1? Small net. It might be stacked in a pyramid form. If we get up, we're getting to that knockout round. I know you made, I don't know, potentially do a handshake deal with a defender on the other team. Hey, we're just going to hang out. We're in this thing together. Just like pick-up basketball. You let me get a couple shots, I'll let you take it away. But the thing is on the line. So as soon as I say that to somebody, they're going to say, oh, let's get somebody that can run on this. Just go on and on. Play for 40 seconds, come off for a minute. I agree. Short shifts. I've got 27 days to figure out 40 seconds then. Alright. I think you're going to be much better than you think, for real. Especially with the shortened, I think the 65-yard field? Yeah. That's way better. Way better I think so. It's going to be tough though because I'm not going to play in any actual games before the game. Which is pretty crucial to the flow of the game. Next week. Coach will have you ready. We've got to get scrimmy and down in the train camp. He'll probably do a bunch of those. You guys got pennies? We've got to survive warm-ups to get to the scrimmys, boys. We've been looking pretty good out there, though. Yeah, I've been looking pretty good. The ball's been moving. I will say that. A couple good touches. Got a nice little, you know, in the bag. Just only had to do that to see if my knee would blow out. Sure. And it didn't. You know, everything I'm trying to do right now is kind of like you know. That's a goal right there. I think so. But the net's much smaller than the goal that we have out there, you see. So that's going to be quite an adjustment. Oh, I see a goop. Yeah, don't put one top Chad, top Ben. I mean, it was beautiful. We've been really getting after it out there. And I'll tell you what, Paul McQuad, pretty good. And I wanted to see if I would be able to make it back the next day. strain. You're re-firing some things. Been on the Stairmaster. I've been a little worried that the body's going to fall apart down there. That's like my biggest nightmare is to be injured after this because that's summer. So we don't want to be dealing with that. Definitely not. So that's the motivating factor here. Is Goopy wearing a suit on the sidelines or what? He's got a fit. I'll have a good fit clipboard. I'll be ready. I believe it. We've already gone through. We're going to have some merch. Concava FC is going to have merch. Great merch. Good merch. What do you say when they ask why the name Concava FC? I say we're champions of the Concava. And that's what it's called. All right. You know, the first time we said it was in Frontier on Radio Row. Yeah. What's the term other people use? What do they say? CONCACAF. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. What does that mean? That's not right. Does it stand for something? Yes, I would assume. Gump? The Confederacy of... The Confederacy of The Confederacy. The Center of North Central American Football Association. Central, what's that? Center of North Central Football American Central Association. You missed an N. Okay. Caribbean Association. Okay. What is it? The Confederation of North Central America and Caribbean Association Football. He's reading that. He had to look it up. Yeah, he certainly did. I mean, I haven't got that in my back pocket. Say it again. Say it again. Say it again. Let's see if Concava works. The Confederation of North, Central America, and Caribbean Association Football. Close. Okay. We just put them all in one. Flipped down. Football Association. Concacaf is dumb. Speaking Speaking of CONCACAF, the Copa America is coming close, boys. USA is going to be sweet. What's going on? June 28th. It's the Euros. It's like 35 days out. US is in the Copa America for the first time, I believe. It's the Euros, but the South America version. Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay. And the US is participating. It's in the US. We're going to run through these teams. Yeah, we Fuck these teams. Are you kidding me? Get ready, South America. We won. And will this be a big enough trophy? Because I know that the Europeans... If you win Copa America, this is massive. Like, this is Argentina or Brazil every year, sometimes Uruguay. Okay, because when the Europeans wouldn't accept our challenge of the Concava Cup versus the Europeans Cup, pink slips, who's the best? They wouldn't accept it because Concava, they said, wasn't good enough. Bingo. Yeah, right. We got the MLS, the best league in the world. We got the best player. Yep. Where's Blundor? That's what I thought. So now if we win this one, post-America? Yeah. What's it called? Copa America. Copa America. It's at the exact same time as the Euros this summer. Where is it at this year? It's in the USA. Okay, I was going to say, we better not be playing one of those other shitholes. I think they play their group games are Atlanta, Dallas, and the final one's in the Kansas City Chiefs Stadium. Okay. All right. I'll tell you what, Kansas City Chiefs players have voted that place a big F-. Yeah. They're going to love it over there. But there is that suite in the stadium. Who's in that? They rent that out? The finals are in that? I think the finals are Atlanta, I believe. What's in Kansas City? Just the last game of U.S.'s first group there. I'll be excited to see what world leader decides to take the suite that is in the Kansas City Chiefs stadium. That is three stories, three bedrooms? Probably Clark Hunt. Hopefully it's against... You think Clark Hunt's saying, I don't care. You can't have us? Depending on if his grade tells us anything, then yeah. Will it be against Argentina? Maybe their president will come. Hang on. Messi will actually be in there. Boom. There it is. Because Messi doesn't know which team to play for. Is he playing for the United States? He's already said he's playing for us. What's that? He's on Argentina. No, he already said he's playing for us. You're already capped, brother. You cannot change once you're capped. He was grocery shopping in Miami. They made an exception for him, actually. They changed his name to Lawrence. Yeah, they said as long as you don't go by Lionel, you go by Larry Messi, you can fucking go the U.S. if you want. I heard the same news. Yeah, exactly. That's why I'm pretty startled here. No, I know. Does Coach come? Coach, these are things you need to know whenever you're talking about your sport. I don't know if we're throwing around Larry Messi, boys. Come on. That's some fucking respect for the beautiful game, all right? I saw Lawrence. Cross earlier this week. Now it's messy. No one respects Jim Bones more than I do. Jesus Christ. That was my least favorite thing this week when Jim Bones got fired. He retired, you son of a bitch. From what? From the Winnipeg Jets. Oh yeah. Long time. Gumpy's shoot like not okay. I called him Jim Bones. That's not his name. That's not how it's pronounced. I thought Gumby was going to fucking rip my throat out. There's people mad about us calling Vancouver the Coovers. They ain't Cooves. I don't know about being called a Coover either. That one's got legs. I'm from there, brother. We called them the Coovers for years. Coovers has got legs, yeah. Well, I'll tell you what i saw in some mentions they we were happier covering hockey but also this is not how you need to be doing it oh is that right why don't you shut the fuck up cougars okay what seriously what are we talking about i'm not a fan shut up okay that's what we're calling you and now just because you said don't call us that we're gonna call to call it even more. I mean, we've been calling them the Cougars for five years. The Canucks Cougars? I've actually. Legitimately. I don't think I've ever called them anything else, and I've never talked about them before you showed up in my life pretty much. So I think I've only called them the Cougars. Yeah. Just because you're from there. It's so much better than Canucks. I mean, Vancouver Canadiens. That's the worst name of all time. It's Coover. Les Habitants. Yeah, exactly. They just stole it and used it as a word. Come over here, you. You little. Canuck little head. Get over here. We should go up to Vancouver and do that to everyone we see. I love the play. This is you are. That is you. Don up to Vancouver and do that to everyone we see. I love the play. This is you are. That is you. Don't put me in there. I will go to Vancouver and just start. Come on you knucklehead. They'd beat your ass from what I've seen. That's a loyal group. They are a loyal group. Well, they destroy their own city if they lose a game, but yes. That happens in some of the greatest American cities as well. What's Utah's name going to be? Oh, 200,000 entries in the first 12 hours of the Qualtrics survey for the new Utah NHL team. Yep. 200,000 entries in the first 10 hours maybe? I forget what the number was. Whatever it was. And at the end of it, you had to give your name and your email for your four votes to actually be submitted. Because remember, we told Ryan Smith, who owns the Utah Jazz, who now owns the Utah hockey team, yet to be named, will be named through the survey we are currently speaking about. Whenever he said, we're going to do a survey. We're going to ask the fans. We're going to let the fans do it. He thought it was a big baby face thing. And we said, oh, terrible idea. Terrible idea. No internet survey has ever produced the answer that the company wants. The internet survey creates the answer that the internet wants. And the internet is always going to be a hilarious place. It has control of things. So there's going to be a terrible name that is going to come from this. And this is going to be your team. And we think Utah will be a good place. Let's have a good name. Let's not have a stupid name that gets trolled out of the internet. He said, don't worry. Qualtrics is what we do. We'll sort it. We'll cut out. We'll figure it out. What he did was he added an email to it, which then probably gets cross-checked on whether or not it should make it. good as possible for the fans of the team to vote on the name. And there were some good ones in there, AJ. There were some good ones. Utah Yetis in there. Okay, Utah Yetis. I voted on a Utah Blizzard just because I thought it could make cool merch with the Utah Blizzard. I like Utah Blast a little bit, playing on the Soakers name, kind of. Yeah, that is the closest to the Super Soakers that we were all kind of pulling for, the Utah Blast. Should that be the Super Soakers kind of answer? If they do Utah Blizzard, they could give away Blizzards when they score like five goals from DQ. Dairy Queen could just, no problem. Boom. Miss free throw situation. Yeah. Yes. That's a great idea. Penalty kill. I don't like how Dairy Queen has clearly lightened the load in their blizzards. They have. I shouldn't have to order extra, extra, extra Oreo for my blizzard. If I wanted a cup of vanilla ice cream, I would have ordered it. The blizzard is not supposed to be that. They need to figure that out. They're taking a little bit too much time and going towards the hot eats instead of the cool treats, which is why we all love DQ. And listen, I love the hot eats from DQ. Love them. I mean, the pretzel sticks with the cheese. Top notch. Their burgers are fucking fire. They're delicious. Hot dogs. Two dogs, one bun you can order. Exactly. Chicken tendies. Do you normally have your Blizzard at home? I'll order a Blizzard every once in a while, but DQ is a go-to thing for me. Mine's close enough that I go to pick it up and bring it home. Now, it's a little bit of extra effort, but I always have a stash of Ben & Jerry's. They just sell cookie dough on the side. Cookie dough bites? Yeah, I just have it at home ready to just dump in there. Oh, you're adding your own flavor. That's what I'm saying, Dairy Queen. This shouldn't be happening. No, you don't. Yeah, I'm not saying it's not a great fix. You're saying this is an answer. AJ, you're a Dairy Queen guy? I heard you saying you're on the bench out front there, that little concrete one. I know what you're talking about. and sit on the bench on a nice summer night and eat at Blizzard. AJ strikes me as the Dilly Bar guy. Oh, yeah? You got a Dilly Bar in that Blizzard? I'm not saying it tastes bad or anything, but no, I'm all cookies and cream, cookie dough, you know, something like that. So you do the double cookie? I think they have a cookie crunch one. Yeah, I get like Oreos and the cookie dough situation in there. I like the little cookie dough now. That's not a bad play because then they're going to be forced to put more in there. Yeah, they better flip that thing upside down. That will make sure it's cold. Yeah. I mean, we need to get DQ'd now. That time of year. It is that time of year, isn't it? There's a local, not Ellie's. Ellie's is back in Portland. It's Handles. Handles, yeah. Handles, and then there's a place called Sunday's down the hill here. Correct, yeah. Oh, really? They make, it's handmade ice cream. They make it in there. Very good. Very good. Any of the local places really around here are all pretty solid. Is that a Midwest thing, I assume? Yeah, definitely. Yeah. What's that? Good cream. Oh, the ice cream quality? No, just like Pop and pop ice cream shops. They're very fucking good. Do you guys know Jenny's? You know what Jenny's is? That's kind of like high-end ice cream, but it started here in Columbus. Is it a multi-state franchise now? Yeah, it is. I don't think it's everywhere in the country, but it's all over the Midwest, I think. Yeah, New England has their own too, I think, because none of those spots out here are up there. I think the Sundays guy only has that one. I think he lives pretty good. That's sweet. That's the move. I think he it is phenomenal. You gotta go, though. You gotta do the whole thing. You know, it's a little bit of a trip. Those beach towns always have mom and pop, or that's where, like in Cape Cod, there's a place called Sunday School, and it was so successful that they opened up another one an hour away in a different part of Cape Cod. Ice cream was something that the humans figured out that was pretty good. Nice job, humans. Everybody talks about sliced bread and shit. Ice cream was a pretty solid addition. Big waffle cone with cookies and cream in there, that's very good. Another good invention, the cone. Yeah, shout out. Because it was so sloppy. Another good invention, the cone. Yeah, shout out. Because it was so sloppy. Who did that? Shout out to Cone. David Cone. Yeah, David Cone. Great pitcher. Yankees great pitcher. I thought it was David Conan. Oh, it could have been him too. Could have been. Inventor of the dude bowl. Yeah. The Sunday dude. All right, let's get the hell out of here. What do we got tonight? We got big games tonight. We got Bruins. Yeah. Not a shocker. Bruins. That's not a shock. The first ice cream cone was produced in 1896 by Italo Marcioni. Marcioni. You're welcome. Who emigrated from Italy in the late 1800s and invented his ice cream cone in New York City. He was granted a patent December of 1903. Thank you, Marcioni. Yeah, I wonder what he was doing with those cones. Selling them. Profiting. Maybe to start. He'd put your fucking balls in them. Exactly. See, look, I don't even have to say it. This is what Kevin Hart said. This is white comedy. Balls and dick. I'm sure right after he got that patent, they shot him in the head and threw him in the East River anyway. And some, you know, Bill Jenkins or something like that. Oh, yeah. Bill Jenkins is going to take down Marcioni? I don't think so, brother. Not in my America. There's a chance. Not in New York at that time. Never mind. Never mind. Hey, in New York at that time, I don't think any, I think Mar weren't going to worry. Thank you for the cone, Pop. He was probably forced into creating the cone because somebody was sick of eating out of this bowl. I'm sick of having to throw this thing away. You don't fucking make it. I want to eat my bowl. So good, I want to eat my bowl. You don't fucking make a bowl I can eat. Thank you, Italians. Thank you, Italians. Thank you, Italians. Shout out. Turn your fucking head into a bowl. How about that, brother? If you don't fucking do this, I'm going to be eating out of your fucking mouth. Two of us in this conversation are Italian, so let's make sure we're in line. Three. A little respect out of you. I got some Italian. You didn't do 23 andMe and find out you're from the boot, bub. I did. Okay. How much? Like, what percent? It is the smallest available percentage given from 23andMe. Something, though. It counts. Yeah. I mean, who knows if it's going to run back the same percentage if I do it again. Exactly. Might be more. I mean, human error in there. You got to send a stool sample in. And on that note, let's go to the weekend. You got to mush poop in the little vial. That's what you meant. Oh, okay. Okay, stool. I thought you meant I'm taking a bar stool and spitting on it. It's like the medical term, you know. Thank you. No, I wasn't making that joke. No, I wasn't doing that. All right. Just shut up okay i don't know where you guys are going but that wasn't that wasn't it where i'm going is to a live event hell yeah you know where i'm getting my tickets from where's that seakey hell yeah thank you today sponsor eight years straight no yeah we've been in school hey thank you seakey i mean seakey ticker is pretty i mean pivotal part of the entire program. Staple. I mean, it runs literally on every single clip. Got its own personality. It does have a little bit of its own personality. A little sauce, a little pizzazz. Picks and chews what ends up there, you know. Shout out to the back table boys back there. Good work, boys. Way to go. Nicky Skates. Huh? I believe Gumpy potentially involved a little bit, but mostly Nick Offer College. And every once in a while, it'll just stop and there'll be nothing on it. You see those times? It's like, is that thing, is the SeatGeek thick or dead? And then all of a sudden, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom It's great to see it come back alive. That's because SeatGeek will never die, even if there's a world stoppage of live events. Because they have such a fantastic company run by great people that also has a platform that doesn't lie to you. You won't get catfished either. If you want to buy a ticket to an event, they have a ticket for it. No matter what the fucking event is, it's absurd how many events they have tickets for. But they'll also tell you if you're getting screwed or not. Like Like, hey, this is not a good ticket to buy. Here's a little red dot next to it. This is not good. You need to buy it somewhere else. This is a shitty deal. Then also say, hey, good deal. We're scanning the internet. This is a good deal, good ticket. Go ahead and live a little bit. Go experience something live with our friends at SeatGeek. And right now you use MCAFEE30. That'll get $30 off tickets. Restrictions apply. They don't know what they are. Not listed. But they're probably... They're less than $30. We assume that is a restriction. They will not owe you money if you get a ticket that is less than $30. Although, smart move. We like where your head's at. We like that you try to work it a little bit. Shot to see a kick. Hell yeah, see a kick. I Hell yeah, CK. I'm watching some off-season conditioning program phase two videos over on TV over there. I think it's Pennix maybe spinning it. Yeah, a lot of rookies reporting today. That is the Masters right there. That's Rookie Minicamp. That's Amen Corner. Oh, we have a bomb in Chicago on a football field. Oh, Jesus. Oh. Whoa. Torrey Taylor. What are we talking about? Oh, man, that was a really good ball. Why'd somebody put that on the internet? Who put that on the internet? We need to. I'm glad we showed that one. Take that off, yep. Take that off. Take that off. Wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham. Who posted that? Who did that? Oh, we're in a fan? Was that really a fan or was that Chicago Bears? There's no way. Fan. You know what it was. They opened mini camp to fans? A dove clea, man. That was not the ball that I would want to see. Oh, I saw. Edward Fuse was at the Derby. I got to talk to him a good amount. He was awesome. It was a media member where I'm seeing the origin of. And the quote was actually, oh my, the greatest punt ever. Oh no. Was it being sarcastic? It sounds like it. No. I would say. Chicago, good football fan. They've just been warming up. They might think it's a good punt though. I'd be working on something. People don't know. People don't know if that's good or not. My rookie minicamp, I think I hit a four yard punt at one point. I had no idea what the hell I was doing. I was making the transition from being an on-the-run punter to a stand-in-the-pocket punter, which Torrey is potentially in the middle of doing as well. I've seen videos of him on the internet murdering balls. I'm excited to see him completely become NFL-style punter. He's going to be a dog. I don't like that that's on here. That shouldn't be out there. Like, do we ran it? Me neither. I was expecting it to be sweet. It was mislabeled, though, you know. Greatest punt ever. So you could see how we could potentially get all jacked up and zeeked up in the back. Like, here we go. Hunter get drafted high when he see it. He'll figure it out. He's got a lot of time. Plenty of time. He's not going to be moving the ball, I think. When I tell younger kickers and punters that come up to me in high school, and they say, like, do you have any tips or anything? And I'm like, I'm not going to give you swing tips because my swing was just, like, not a good one. I blew my knees out. So, like, I don't think you should do what I do. You should do, like, the actual form of this. But my only tip is there are going to be days where you fucking suck. Like you are so bad. You're going to be God awful for whatever reason. The ball is just not going to go anywhere near where it's supposed to go. And you're going to think to yourself, does anybody else have these types? Yes. Everybody does at every single level. And it sucks every single time. You just got to know that the next one's going to be better if the next one isn't better hey this shit happens and they're going to get going again so it's like anytime you see people hit a miss on a game that sucks but there's been days in practice where they haven't been able to move it so it's like uh hopefully tory taylor is going to be able to figure out how to be a bomber and when when he is, we'll look back on the first video we see as him as Cheval Weber. I hate that that was what that was. Yeah, build him up. That was bullshit. That was tough. A lot of room to grow. He's going to be just like our other friends. He's going to be just fine. He had a four-yard punt at rookie minicamp. Four? Four yards. What, did he go just sideways? Yeah. There was like four other punters there at the time, too. So they just got rid of Hunter Smith. He goes to Washington. He had been here for, yeah, he had been here for, you know, 10 plus years. Beloved Hunter the punter was his name. Oh, yeah. So they get rid of him. They draft me to be the punter, the replacement, the complete opposite of hunter smith pretty much and then my rookie minicamp they have like three other punters there i'm by far the worst but not even tim maste was there going to punt for the packers he was so much better than me there there was a really tall guy from like south dakota i forget his name he was better than me there was like everybody's back and i was hitting balls just right there the right. It was not good. It was quite a gong show, I believe is what they call it. But it was like, okay, quite a wake-up call. How many months do we have until we've got to do this thing for real? And then, you know, you get Adam Vinatieri around you on a daily basis, and all of a sudden you start learning stuff, and then you get better. Hell, yeah. Long road for every position. AJ Hell yeah. Long road for every position. AJ got there and just started knocking people out. Yeah, it's AJ freaking out. It's a little different for everybody. A little different. So tired. We didn't have rookie minicamp. We had a full team minicamp. So I got drafted like four days later. I'm on playing starting defense going against Brett Favre and Amon Green and all these monsters. Even though we're not wearing pads or you're wearing helmets. And I'm trying to figure out the defense and just run and you know just wait you know you waste so much energy when you don't know exactly what you should be doing well and also the anxiety of not knowing that also that gets you blown up as well it's like the the guy the rookies those first couple days of training camp like obviously i didn't have to do it because i was just punting or whatever now they did have me punting every single day like 100 balls probably not the best way to go about doing things but that's either here or there, kind of looking back. Guys were dead. Rookies dead. Just so much more tired. Legs cramping up. Yeah, like it's tough. Yeah. Yeah, I'm fucking confused. I'm lost. I'm nervous. I might get cut. And I have no idea what the hell I'm doing. It's great. It's great. It's going to be great. There's Hall of Famers practicing in the facility for the first time this weekend. Yeah. That's cool to think about. Let's have the greatest weekend of all time, shall we? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Let's get the fuck out of here. Hey, if this ball goes in, Bruins win tonight. Okay. Oh. This one goes in. Pacers win tonight. Yep. Oh, no. Oh, man. Man, you felt good about that second one. I was walking off. Maybe push it a little more effort into the Bruins one. It looks so good, too. Maybe do the Bruins one more time. Let's do one for the Cougars Oilers, maybe. All right. For the Cougars. Fuck the Cougars. Do the Bruins. Yeah, this is what we want to do right now. You already did. It's Coovers Oilers, brother, every game. For the Cooves. Oh, no. Cooves. Coovers. Woo-hoo. That was his wedding. King Slovis reigns again. All right, so the Cooves are good. All right. Yeah. Congrats to the Cooves. The Cooves. The Cooves. So tonight the Panthers, the Knicks, and the Cougars are with us. We got that figured out. Let's have a great weekend. Hey, be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. This weekend's a good time to do it as the weather's changing, you know? It might change an entire mood for an entire season. Huh? Oh, yeah. How are you doing? Good. All right, boom. Now we're having a great day. Now that's turning into two good days. Now we're waking up happy like it's our birthday, but it isn't our birthday. Well, why is our birthday a special day? Because our mindset. Why is our mindset good? Because somebody just said something nice to us. Bingo. Boom. Goes like this, AJ. Absolutely. I agree. A hundred percent. And one thing leads to another. Don't go to jail, though. No. And Mother's Day. If you do, though. And have a great Mother's Day. Did you want to do one more? Happy Mother's Day to all mothers. One more playoff game tonight. Sure. Nuggets and T-Wolves. Who's this for? Here we go. T-Wolves? Oh, no. Nuggets go down 0-3. Who was it? T-Wolves. That was T-Wolves. Yeah, so that would be Nuggets win. All right. Nuggets are going to win this one. Well, the universe has never been wrong before. Nope. Okay. I think there has been weeks where the universe ball has gone right. Yeah. That's an overtime game. Yeah. That's going to be close. Okay. That's what we'll bet on, overtime. Okay. That's good for basketball Especially this particular playoffs Yeah I haven't had many overtime games in basketball Actually I don't know if they've had one I'm pretty sure they have Hockey's having overtime night after night after night The overtime It just goes on and on and on And on and on and on And on and on And hopefully we get another one tonight Because If we get one tonight that means there is a chance that it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. Beast Panthers. That'll go to. Fire in the hole. Bob Parsons. Out now. Book. It's a good read. Order it now. I don't know if it is but no it is I just started it his course they play that event yeah at Ways to Manage It what did this fucking guy say 45 minute conversation with a guy I'd never heard of yeah I didn't have many questions left okay you guys asked a lot of good fucking questions. Sue me. There wasn't a single answer that he gave that made you think, hmm, that sparks my interest. No, those kept going. That's what the whole conversation was. He had an Iowa. It sold out? The book sold out. I didn't know that was possible. Me neither. He'd print 100 copies. Are they printing some more? 100,000 maybe. Fire in a Hole by Bob Parsons. Get a baby bubble. It says available instantly. The audio book. I'm going to do that. I'm going to get the audio book. He bought the business. What if the audio book was out of stock? That'd be something. Can't download it. Fucking too many people already. Sorry about it. Too many. Too many? All right. Let's have an incredible weekend. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice that might change their life. I'm going to listen to that. If he's reading it. If he's reading it, I'm buying that tonight and listening to it on the way home. Yes. Every day. And then you'll put that on repeat And it'll go On and on and on and on and on And on and on and on and on And on and on and on And on And on and on and on and on And on and on and on And on and on and on It did feel like he said that I don't even remember it now I don't remember what he said That's what he said He did that. He told some great stories, dude. He told some legit stories. He was good. He was seeing those putts. Those putts were tractor beam to the hole. Yeah, he talked about his ayahuasca or DMT. I don't know if it was ayahuasca. He did the how to change your mind. He did the mushroom tea and he did the ayahuasca and I believe he did LSD with one day off. In between where he went golfing and he said he was just burying putts and he knew he was doing the right thing. Yeah, he didn't do the hot. These putts were just rolling in. Thought of PXG probably. Yeah. Yeah. Golf clubs. I wish my clubs felt like this all the time. Yeah. Fucking high out of his mind. But then he said that changed his life for the better. Yeah. One million percent. He said he felt like he finally came home from Vietnam after doing it. So there is actual, you know, massive benefits that have been on the record and documented by a lot of people for that whole stuff. Aaron Rodgers goes down and wins two MVPs. Yeah. If you need it, do it. Bingo. I don't think it's for everybody. No. Nothing is. But if it is for you, it sounds like it does work. And I don't know if I'm mentally tough enough to get through the videos that we saw from Jordan Poyer this year. Well, that's not what Bob Parsons did. Bob Parsons. I don't think he was running into 200-degree tents. No. He went to, like, a nice facility. TPs, I believe. Yeah, they were TPs. My apologies. A little different. TPs, I don't think any of it gets out. No. That thing was tough. He do like sweat lodge. Yeah. Did you see it? You saw the video, right? I didn't see Jordan doing like a sweat lodge deal, no. Dude, they were like pumping smoke. You definitely saw it. You definitely saw it. You were on the show. You were on the show. I didn't see videos. The video was a part of that. It might have been a different time where we went through the entire post, but there's videos in there. And it was like, damn, that's crazy. I didn't know that, but it's a lot of people have sworn by it. Paul Parsons is one of them. I assume his book is very good. All right, let's get the hell out of here. Let's have an incredible weekend. We're in this thing together. Let's 1, 2, 3, team! Goodbye!