nk you. so so The Thank you. Thank you. so so so The The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further This show sticks in the fact that you listen we are very very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. We won't count! We won't count! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello beautiful people and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this scheduled release Wednesday, May 15, 2024. This program starts now! Sports! Oh, wonderful. Sports are the greatest things of all time. Last night, you know, it was a tough, tough evening of sports watching for those of us in Indianapolis, Indiana, as the Pacers traveled back to Madison Square Garden to take on a Knicks team that they just smacked in the mouth on Mother's Day, and they would go on and lose by 30. Okay, so now the Knicks and the Pacers will do battle on Friday here in Indianapolis, Indiana, and if Big Dale Davis is revving the engine before that game starts, we all know what's going to take place. And that's a Game 7 back in New York, which seems to be an impossible place to play. Now let's go away from the NBA. Let's go to the W. Well, everybody's watching the WNBA game last night. Why is that? Well, Kaitlyn Clark is making her debut for the Indiana Fever. And I know there's WNBA enthusiasts and people that have been watching the W for years and years. And that particular league certainly deserves a lot more love and has deserved a lot more love than it has gotten over the entirety of its existence. The rookie salary is only $78,000. That's less than an entry salary at this particular company. So we don't love that that is certainly the case for the WNBA, but can't wait to watch it continue to grow and continue to build and more superstars coming out of college women's basketball going into the W to make it a sport that will be able to be heralded as one of the top five, top six leagues in the United States of America. We're on our way there oh yeah and then Isaac Bennett this little rat bastard piece of shit wanted to make the whole thing about himself gives Kaitlyn Clark two phantom fouls early two calls oh she had 10 turnovers yeah she's not she's playing with two fouls literally since the first two minutes of the game because some asshole wanted to say this this ain't how college basketball, this is the WNBA. Welcome to my league. Then people talking about, well, she didn't play that great. She was like three shots away from having 30 in her debut. Most three-point shots made in the history of the WNBA in a debut performance. I think your microphones are all on in the back. We can hear everything you're saying. You guys are doing great work back there. Though, I want you to know that. Kaitlyn Clark gets her first points after a steal, has a layup. And I'll say this about Kaitlyn Clark's debut. She has enough speed. She has enough intelligence. She has enough ability. And her three balls started hitting a little bit later than everybody expected because she had a couple step backs in the first quarter that didn't fall she had a runner in the first quarter that didn't fall she had another close one that didn't fall those all rattle home she had 32 points that's what she would have had instead she had 20 and a loss and i learned from watching this and even though i live in the great city of indianapolis in a great state of indiana that fever team was 13 and 27 last year yeah they st. They had the number one overall pick for a reason. I didn't know. As I was watching, I was thinking to myself, oh, no, we're not just going to go win this whole thing. I was sitting next to the Las Vegas Aces, the back-to-back champions, at the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game, and I was looking them right in their face. Didn't know who they were. Right over. Good luck. Have you seen what she did at Iowa with a team that we didn't think necessarily had as many superstars as some other college basketball teams? Once she gets into the WNBA, playing with these WNBA players, it's only going to be a matter of time before the fever might take a little bit. Sure. Just a bit. No doubt. The Aces maybe win another one. Maybe. I'm not sure. I might have been speaking out of pocket. Maybe. I'm not sure. I might have been speaking out of pocket. I might not have known exactly what I was talking about. But what I saw last night is, Kaitlin is going to figure it out. Boston has won two. They're going to be phenomenal. I like the way Aaliyah Boston's talking to her going into halftime. It does feel like a good relationship. But a lot of things are going to have to change on that Fever team. We're going to have to realize that we got the one. And let's start doing it. A lot of things you're going to have to change. A lot of changes at the top. Well said, Tony. That's one half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys, Tony Diggs. One game. We're one game in. There's a toxic table here at Boston Corner, at Ty Schmidt. I know everybody in Iowa was watching that game last night. I was watching that game last she went to the bench with two fouls after missing a couple shots everybody changed the channel i assume the ratings are gonna go they were playing in a building that hadn't been sold out for the sun since 2003 why were they doing that why was that happening to the people that hate caitlin clark why do you think that building was sold out double deuce bingo bingo oh they're playing in bigger arenas whenever the fever come to town town? Why is that? Double deuce. Oh, bingo! Did anybody tell Isaac Bennett, the ref, that called two phantom calls? She was the only one that had any fouls. And they were bullshit calls to start this entire thing. So I don't think it was necessarily the dream start for Kaitlin Clark or for the Fever. But there's going to have to be some figuring out that I guess takes place that I could never account for. Because once again, I've never watched a WNBA game, even though I assumed I had it figured out. Which is part of the problem. Yeah, hand up. I had not either. Okay. You know. But I am. It's a different sport than women's college basketball. I want you to know, I love women's college basketball. Listen, I could watch Iowa women's basketball play. Blue-nit ball. Exactly. Seven days a week. And I don't want to get on here. I mean, you mentioned it. We're one game into the season, okay? So we should pump the brakes a little bit. But that's not what we do. We tend to come in and overreact because we're passionate fans. That's right. We love our Indiana Fever. That's right. We love them. Kaitlin Clark. Okay, so I just want to say we may need to consider a coaching change. Big goal. Big goal. What? The first game? First game back. First game? We're less than eight hours removed from the first game. If you watch that Iowa team, they are running gun. They just up and down the court, up and down the court. Three-quarter length court pass. Exactly. We're trying to get as many buckets and as many shots up as possible. And then I see the fever last night, just this slow, methodic pace. Listen, Coach Bluter just retired. The winningest coach in women's Big Ten history. I don't know. Does she maybe want to come up to Indiana? And Coach Caitlyn? Could you imagine how pissed everybody would be? Everybody would be so mad. Oh, Caitlyn Clark, she's like LeBron, huh? Just gets coaches fired. That's what happens in there. And I'm not going to, I don't think that's the case. I don't even know our coach's name. Me neither. I'm just bullshit. It's not Lisa Bluter. We've seen Caitlyn play in Bluter Bowl. Exactly We've seen Kaitlin play in blooder ball. It was electrifying. Kept me on literally the edge of the seat for the entire game. Last night was tough. It was. I think we're all going to have to get used to a brand new style of women's basketball. Obviously, somebody on the sun became the fifth leading scorer in the history of the league last night. Smooth. We're talking about there's some bucket getters on that other team that I've never heard of. There are a lot of good players in the W. They're very talented. We're finding out as we go along here as new fans of the W. As season ticket holders, multiple of us on this stage for the Indiana Fever. We were watching that game last night, and we're excited to be along for the journey. As we go from 13-27 last year year did we know that that was the record no i don't know we have the number one pick but um we didn't know where we uh we got a little bit to go yeah seems like we got a little bit that ref has to go if you're commissioner of the dub that ref has to go that's worst case scenario in the debut of caitlin clark is to give her two quick fouls that cannot happen no matter what Two quick bullshit fouls. Yeah, exactly. Terrible ones. Like the one, she must have got her in the head, and then they said, I don't even think she even touched that girl. Okay, so the first call, you just want to get one out. You want to make a call. You're a ref. Now, not like what's going on in the NBA, you know, where Scott Foster and Tony Peters thinking the people are out to watch them play a game out there. And then let alone what happened in hockey. We're going to have an official State of the Officials here in a matter of like 20, 30 minutes or so to really break down what's going on with these refs all of a sudden. And I think it will kind of echo the sentiment of what Roger Goodell said whenever we and others have pressed him about having full-time refs. He said, well, I've seen what full-time refs do in these other leagues, and are they perfect? At all. You tell me. So, we're trying to get better, he said. We're trying to utilize technology, but also, we don't know if just full-time is the right answer because some of these other leagues have full-time, and they seemingly are assholes. Not all of them. There's always good refs, but seemingly, Isaac Bennett, we need his Now, kicked off the tour, 12-year NFL vet, a man who only played corner, now a rapper with a new song debuting in six days. Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Joe. Pac, you watched much WNBA before this season. Do you know much about it? No, only college. Yeah, me too. Now I'm watching WNBA. Me too. But the game is a lot slower than college. It is. It's like a pro game. It's not going out there doing no huddle. College, women, basketball, it's like no huddle college football. WNBA is like pros. You're going to slow the shit down and we're going to work on sex and try to get the matchup. 13-27 is 40 games, okay, if we're doing math. How many games are the college women? Yeah, probably about – yeah. Iowa won, I think, 33-5 last year. games or the college uh yeah probably about yeah i think i mean what was iowa when i think 33 and five last year because some people you know we're talking making the football records i thought about this last night literally because like chip kelly comes into philly tries to do what the college league does not gonna work longer season like hey you're not gonna be able to get adults to do this 35 year olds to be able to do this for 17 weeks then playoffs plus preseason like college is college is shorter. You got younger. But everything like that. It's like, same amount of games as college. Somebody could come in and run no huddle. You know, it seems like. I don't know if that's what the A's do. NBA more talent. I mean, WNBA more talent. See, I don't know. I saw Cleveland. College, the NFL. NFL, you might have got two dogs. Yeah, you're talking about more talent. I saw somebody try to catch a three-quarter pass. It threw hands. Ball and face. Ball go out of bounds. I didn't see any of that in Iowa. I don't know what the hell is going on out here. So I think the Fever are only on the way up. But congrats to the Connecticut Sun on a big-time win in front of that crowd. They're a good team. They are a good team. They are a good team. They got scores over there. And you know, those refs, you know, the Connecticut Sun also put Kaitlin, I guess, into those positions to look like she potentially fouled, even though she didn't. So we've got to give them credit for that. And we'll be keeping track of the entire WNBA team. They'll figure it out. Yeah season tickets that I think have lost some value since last night. I'm telling you what the first game. I looked on SeatGeek this morning. Yeah, you get some good prices. I hope the Fever, they lost all faith in you. After one game, there's people calling for coaching change. Ridiculous. Stack those chips. Stack them up. Stack those chips, Fever. It's our era. And also, let Kaitlyn cook. Yeah. The 23s from her game. Just let her. Yeah. If she wants to pull up, let her. Who cares? Come on, Lisa. Come home. Yeah. You're calling for a coaching change after one game, and that's just our passion. But we will stick by this Fever team, won't we? Without a doubt. I was proud of his wins. See, turn might not. They'll come, Tony. They'll come. Just give it time. One game. One game. Not in your NFL vet. A man who probably does know a little bit more about the WNBA than all the rest of us. He went to UConn, obviously. Ladies and gentlemen, Darius J. Ball. D-Butt, in the W before last night? Yes, yes. I have friends that have played in the W. Tina Charles, Bree Stewart, Renee Montgomery. So Maya Moore. So I've obviously been following the league for a long time. To your point, good team. Alyssa Thomas thinks she may be third. Favorite coming in to be the MVP. Obviously, Asia Wilson out there. She had 30, 13, and 5 for her aces start. So some good teams out there, some talent. College ball, I feel like the talent is kind of more concentrated at the top. Like it's much more top-heavy. The WNBA is more spread out. So it's definitely going to take some time. I think our win total is like 20 for the Fever going into this season. So that may have dropped a couple games. That's not bad. We shall see off our first performance. But Kaitlyn will definitely figure it out. It's a transition. Kierrington was a great defender on her last night. She's going to see that. They're going to have a game plan for her every game out there. Obviously, her and Leah Boston got to get going as well. She had 10 turnovers. That's a lot. That's a record, actually. If people can't catch the ball, it's not her fault. We got no look passes happening. You know, we got some magic cooking. And Caitlin said afterwards, you know, it's just one game. We gotta move on and do this. I assume she'll call it all a blur because everything. I mean, she sold out Arena for the first. Justin Fields is dead. No, no. Justin Fields is dead. Bad omen. Where's the whistle? Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man who might be able to tell us a little bit more about Tony Diggs just killing Justin Fields here in this first hour of this schedule release Wednesday, May 15th. Ladies and gentlemen, Michael Lombard. Lombo. How we doing, guys? Hey, listen. Lombo, whenever we saw the Pelicans when they drafted Zion, and they introduced him third or something in his first game instead of fifth, whenever, you know. And then when he got on the court, you could tell he was told, like, hey, this isn't your team. Like, let's be scared to have it. He was just passing the ball, everything like that. Why don't organizations just say, hey, listen, it's your show, dude. Okay, what do we – what do you want to do? How do you want to play? What do Obviously, Kaitlin Clark is not in a position to give those answers at the W. You don't want to put too much. I think what the Pelicans told us is, like, we don't want Zion to feel like he has to carry the entire city. But I think some of these stars, and I'm not saying Zion at the time was ready for it, but, like, Zion coming into the NBA, like, this is next. The guy. The guy with only one name needed, and he is a star. He's able to do this entire thing caitlin coming in the wmb it's like hey listen higher ratings than everything she's a part of i know there's other good players i don't think they were on the fever that sold out the connecticut sun building for the first time since 2003 but i know there was other good players around women's college basketball we were all watching we enjoyed the storylines how come there isn't that move you think from a a franchise or a program just to go to a rookie like, hey, we need you to do everything? Is it too much too quick, you think? We need to ease into it, maybe? What do you think as a leader? Well, I think any great player shows himself or herself really quickly, and I don't think you need to worry about that. Clark is a great player. She's going to show herself, and the other players are going to see her greatness and her talent and respect that. And are going to see her greatness and her talent and respect that. And then she's got to kind of get involved. You can't lead unless you've earned it, right? You can't come in and practice and lead without having some skins on the wall. It takes a little bit of time to develop that. It took Michael Jordan some time. I'm sure when you watch the NBA, you see guys that have been able to do that because of their play, and I think eventually in two or three games. Now, as an executive, I think you have to recognize what Clark can do and build a team around her and her skill set. That's really important. Just like the Minnesota Timberwolves have built a team around the greatness of Anthony Edwards, and they've kind of filled that in. Tim Conley has done a really good job of that. Now, I know they're down three to two to Denver, but that's the job of a general manager is to find a great player and then accentuate the great player's strengths. And then that allows the role players to have their strengths. So it's a twofold issue, but I fully expect her to show her talent and the players will respect it. If you just give it to them, the players are always going to wonder, why did you do that? Eventually they say, man, that's right, she's going to carry us. Yeah, she'll earn it, I believe, is probably how Zion looked at it. Wemby in San Antonio had a similar situation early with a lot of players that were maybe on the Spurs last year, like, oh, this guy, he doesn't understand it. And I'm not saying the fever acting like that towards Kaitlyn at all. At all. I'm just saying, like. It seems like they love her. I mean, you're talking about every video that has come from training group. It's like they. Huge fan. I don't want to say they understand, but they probably assume the amount of pressure that this girl. Oh, yeah. Has felt her entire life. And they want her to feel welcome and everything like that. But I just want it. I just want green light for Kaitlin Clark. Wherever. Just green. Whatever. Hey, you do whatever the hell you need to do. And then Aaliyah Boston is phenomenal. She didn't have a big game last night either. It's like both of them, if they were able to figure out, you're off and running. But whenever you say GM, the head coach, Tone's already called. Get her out of there. That was great. And then Ty's like, Bluter's available. Bring her. Anyways, let's talk football, shall we? Tom Brady was at the Fox Upfronts. And yesterday and the last couple days have been big upfront time where all the suits kind of go and watch networks put on big-time shows with their most notable faces to try to explain why you should be spending your advertising dollars or your investment dollars with us as opposed to in other places you know ESPN and Disney had theirs yesterday I was not invited back after last year's performance what I thought I was gonna get an invite back I didn't read the third-party script who knows nothing about sports or business I didn't read their script I did but I It was nothing about sports or business. I didn't read their script. I knew that was probably the death of my invitation to that particular thing. Never going to be invited back. But Fox had one, and they had Tom Brady and Michael Strahan up on this beautiful stage in front of all this money. And here is what Tom and Michael Strahan's interaction was. And I'm excited to get your take on what Tom actually said and how he's going to be after. I know you've been waiting to call your first game. Yeah. And I got a little something for you, man. I got some big news. It's actually huge news because I have a little something that you don't even know. The NFL schedule isn't out yet, but I know a little something about your first game. Are you gonna tell me straight house? Yeah, I will you want to know I want to know you want to know Please For the first time in five years the NFL on Fox opens with the Dallas Cowboys Week one is back to being an exclusive doubleheader window for Fox. So how do you like that news? You get the Cowboys, first week. Amazing. Obviously, having the Cowboys on is a huge draw. As America's team, that's going to get a little hard for me to say that all the time. I understand they were the competition for a long time. But in this new role, I know the Cowboys, how important they are to this network. They've got great storylines. Come on, Dak Prescott. Let's see if he can finally come through. One of the great defensive players. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Did that just slip out? Micah Parsons, what a great player he is. And Coach McCarthy. So, I love covering them. I've been obviously going against them for a long time, and now I get to tell everyone how great they are. Oh. I really like it. Didn't sound like he was easy, Connor. That was really good. I remember the crowd, their suits, corny people. No, I know, and he got me. I'm corny. I'm not corny. That crowd is the suitiest crowd of all time. So scratch them right where they itch. I go against them all the time. They were the competition for a while. Were they? Were the Patriots the Cowboys? Was that it? I think what he's saying there, and this is where you're going to see the brilliance of Tom Brady, is because Brady is going to be able to tell you things about Mike Zimmer's defense on the Dallas Cowboys that no other commentator, with the exception of Coach Belichick or Mike Zimmer himself, could tell you. Brady, if you go back and look at wherever Zimmer's been, whether it's been Cincinnati or in Minnesota, Brady understands the defense. He understands what Mike's trying to do, and he's going to be able to explain that to the fans. He'll know it as well as anybody on the Cleveland Browns offensive staff. That's something that we rarely see in terms of from the quarterback's perspective. So it's going to be easy for him to understand what McCarthy does offensively in terms of the West Coast. He'll get that. But the insights in the Zimmer's defense, which is really what this schedule reveal is all about. If you're the Cleveland Browns, you're back studying Minnesota's defense with Mike Zimmer, Minnesota's defense with Cincinnati when he was the defensive coordinator. You want to understand how he adjusts to things. You want to understand his adjustments to the adjustments. You want to understand how he calls the game. And with Zimmer, it's very challenging on third down, which is where he's made his living and how he became a head football coach in the adjustments. You want to understand how he calls the game. And with Zimmer, it's very challenging on third down, which is where he's made his living and how he became a head football coach in the NFL with his complexities on defense. So he's got Zimmer and Gunther, two guys who have been in that system together for a long, long time. That's what we're going to get out of Tom. We're going to get behind the layers there because Tom's been educated on that there's been so much time spent as everybody should on coordinators as you prepare for them and I think that's what the schedule reveal really jumps into because you want to be able to spend your off season studying somebody that you haven't seen before okay so I love hearing that that there is a purpose in a good thing that can come from the schedule release. It's like, yeah, we start looking at the coordinators now because we have no idea who the players are going to be, who the final pieces are going to be at this exact moment. But we can get a head start on training, which is what Tom Brady will be doing for his first game. And then I assume they'll give him a heads up the rest of the way on who's next week and he can dive into it. Last question for me about Tom calling games. And I appreciate you breaking that down because I think Peyton Manning, whenever he laid out about Bill Belichick joining the Manning cast, he talked about how Tom Brady told him about how Bill Belichick would bring him in on Mondays and he would have a couple-hour meeting about what the defense coordinator is trying to do, where he comes from in big situations, what he panics and he'll go to. If we show this this is what he will be tending to like not just him also he learned the defense from here's the rules this defense and he was like he can't wait for that to be a part of the manning cast so tom brings that do you think tom's personality is going to be one that people are going to love immediately or do you think people are going to take a little bit to kind of warm up to this guy that a lot of America hated for a while because he was beating up on their football teams? Well, I think a lot of it's going to come down to how he presents it. And, you know, the challenge for anyone is to have a lot of information and present it in a condensed fashion quickly, and especially in between the time the huddle and the ball snaps. So that's where Tom's going to have to gain his energy and gain his intellect and condense it very quickly. Okay, here's what they're doing. Watch out for this. I mean, Romo became very much a cult-like figure early in his career because he was predicting plays based on formations because he had just got done playing. And I think the information gravitated people towards Romo. I think that'll be the same thing towards Brady. Okay, I can't wait to hear him. I know Greg Olson, we're going to miss. I'm excited to see what shapes up with him. But Burkhart and Brady should be phenomenal. And we need Brady and Strahan a little bit more. Yeah, that was good banter. Very good. Maybe get him on that morning show that Strahan does. So he does that on Good Morning America. Yeah. Which is on ABC. Oh, okay. Yeah, because I think Strahan was at Disney's up front last year. Bingo. He's at Fox up front this year. Interesting. Strahan's a dog. Yeah, truly. Strahan is a dog. Keep going, Strahan. Keep going, Strahan. Hell yeah. Darius got a question for you, Lambeau. With quarterbacks, obviously, Jared Goff just got paid, just got broke off, and rightfully so. And obviously, that's going to start that domino effect with these other quarterbacks kind of in line. What do you think the contracts of, you know, Jordan Love, Tua, and even Dak, what do you think their contract numbers fall? Well, I mean, you're a player. You know, you had agents. You, Pac-Man, Pat, you all had agents. They all know when deals are going to get done and they all know when they don't want to do a deal right so i'm sure lee steinberg who represents tua knew the toner brothers were finishing up the deal on goff and he kind of had a sense of what the deal is so there's always that instance where you know you're trying to negotiate a new contract for a player and then the agent goes radio silent on you because he knows a new deal's coming in that you're going to have a hard time defending, right? And so this is what happens with deals. Water seeks its level. And so the tide gets risen all the time and golf getting 53 million, how it's broken down will be interesting. But I think it's just going to continue to go up because look, we are in a very, very, very profitable environment. You know, the NFL players deserve a lot of the credit, they get the money. And so that's going to put the level of increases going way up. And I think what Detroit's been able to do now by signing Goff, right, so for the next three years Detroit won't really have any issues of who they're going to sign. Everybody will be a replaceable part after this where they can replace a guy. You know, they let Jonah Jackson go to the Rams. They brought in Kevin Zeitler to replace him. So they can do that on an economic level. But they got their three players that they needed, Sewell, St. Brown, and Goff signed, so they can manage their cap moving forward without having to be like the Cowboys, which are strapped to a huge cap number. Well, and you got a rookie contract for Hutch still. Yep, yeah. You know, you know like that which is going to be big hotch is going to take another big big amount of money laporta that's the three years i'm talking about that that's the next one they got to get done right so they have some time here and they just got to continue to draft well and replace players and they got to be able to say no too right you got to be able to say i can't afford you because i got to do this or this is where we are. You can't have everybody. You have to make choices in a cap era. Yeah, that's part of the business saying, hey, we like you. We love you, actually. We appreciate everything you did, but we're not going to be able to pay you what you're worth. So we are so sorry, which sucks because we chose this guy at your position instead of you. So you can certainly feel a certain way. You can certainly feel a certain way yeah you can certainly feel a certain way if you would like about that but this is just a reality of a situation like those convos have to happen right yeah and you want the player look you want the player to get paid i mean that's important right if a player does well for you and you win and he has to go somewhere else you want him to get paid if you can't afford it right if you can't it isn't like you're bitter about it like i don't expect the guy to take less money. He's earned the right to get a contract. You just have to make choices. It's a business. Yeah, it's not easy. It's not easy. Heavy is the head that wears the crown. Did you guys see a new painting of the head that's wearing a crown? Yeah, weird. Very interesting over there. Nonetheless, there is a head wearing a crown down in Atlanta that's certainly got a bit heavy, I assume, at times. Yeah, Lambeau, over the last couple days, Kirk Cousins done a couple interviews. He went on Bustin' with the boys and basically said, they asked if he had any animosity towards the Falcons, and he pretty much said, like, hey, that does us no good. We're trying to win a Super Bowl. And then he did a press conference where he mentioned that the Falcons called him right before the pick and kind of just said, hey, we're taking a quarterback. End of discussion. There really wasn't any back and forth there. Obviously, you had some thoughts about that and Super Bowl winning GM Terry Fontenot in your words. Now that we're a couple weeks removed from the draft, has your opinion on that whole situation changed at all, or how do you feel about it now? I still can't figure it out. I'm sitting here in my office. I racked my brain. Like, how does this work out? Well, play it out. Like, okay. If cousins takes them to a Superbowl in year two, you have to extend cousins after his third year. You're going to let them just go. If cousins fails and you've got to put Pennix in, in year two, you wasted a hundred million dollars. Right? So I don't know how this works. Look, if you study history, like I'm sure the Super Bowl-winning GM Terry Fontenot has done, is you realize this is hard to manage, right? This is really hard to manage. And the fact that you've got two guys, you're trying to instill the culture within the quarterback, and it's hard to do it with two guys. It really is. Bill Walsh couldn't accomplish it with Steve Young and Joe Montana. Ronnie Lott went to him about week 13 of the season and said, Bill, you've got to pick a guy. You've got to make a choice here. We can't keep going on. Our team needs a leader. And so this just brought more conflict in. And so what we've seen out of this Super Bowl winning franchise like the Falcons is we've seen them just continue to do things that have nothing towards winning. I mean, they passed – look, B. John Robinson's a great player. We're not denying that. But they had a chance to pick Jalen Carter, a three technique last year. They passed on that. They picked Kyle Pitts, a tight end, the fifth pick over. They passed Parsons in that draft. And then this draft, they passed whether it was Latua or Murphy to pick another offensive guys. And at what point do you realize that to win a Super Bowl, you were 29th in the National Football League in creating turnovers. You couldn't stop Baker Mayfield in the two-minute drill at home when he went down the field. You're not one player away. And so for me, I still can't get my head around it. I just don't understand it. I don't think anybody can play it out. I know Kirk's trying to be politically correct in what he's saying, but all of us that understand team building are saying this ain't going to work. Kirk ain't a politically correct guy, though. I guess for a team, though, he would be, to build a team. I think the biggest thing with this, and if you end up with a good quarterback, I think we wasted $100 million. Who cares? Like the Trey Lance, Brock Purdy situation, who cares? You know, we end up with a good quarterback is what they'll say, and that'll be their story if it ends up working out that way. Both those guys, that's their first OTAs right there. It's their first time in a building. You're talking about whenever you locker room. It's like equipment staff, training room, cafeteria. This is Kirk's first rodeo with all these people. There isn't even like a set way of how he's going to pick balls for each game with the equipment staff. And it's like Pennix, number eight overall. It's his first year as well. And it's like we know Kirk. We know what type of human he is. We watch quarterback. We're incredibly entertained by Kirk Cousins and everything he is. But what if Penix is like this phenomenal leader that everybody talks about whenever he was at Washington, how everybody loved him. It's like, now you're making Kirk's job much more. Not just in the locker room. I'm not talking about just in the locker room. You're talking about with the fan base. You're talking about the training room. Like everywhere in his life. But Kirk's a veteran. They're paying him a couple hundred million dollars. So figure it out. You've got to definitely do that. In Pennix, you were a top ten draft pick. You're living your dream. Figure it out. But it is still pretty puzzling. Even if it ends up working out, we still will be like, how the hell do they know that this is what happened? Because there's so many other questions. Maybe we get the best. Well, I mean, look, just look at their team, right? Everything about the offseason comes down to asking yourself two fundamental questions. Why did we win? Why did we lose? Right? Why were we 7-10? And you can blame Super Bowl winning GM Terry Fontenot can blame Arthur Smith for everything, which they do. It's all Arthur's fault. For Arthur, he gets loaded up on. But the fact that they couldn't stop anybody in the running game, when you look at how many yards they allowed, they couldn't stop the forward pass. They were 27th in the league in force and interceptions. To win a Super Bowl, you're going to have to make plays defensively. You're going to have to rush the passer in the fourth quarter you're going to have to get off the field you know and meanwhile Penix is sitting next to you and he's not he's a valuable asset that you didn't use for a defensive player it makes no sense to me and you can spin it any way you want but it's really it comes down to this the owner the you know the owner wanted to sign Cousins and Super Bowl Bowl-winning GM wanted to draft a quarterback. And they're both happy, and no one else is. Yeah, but if, once again, week nine, something happens to Kirk, and Penix comes in and does great, there's going to be a full victory lap in Atlanta for how big of a win. There's never going to be a victory lap, Pat. Because here's the thing. When you build a team, you have to build your team starting with the day after the season all the way out. And so the real issue here is, yes, we need a quarterback. How do we solve that? If you're doing your job, you know Michael Penix. You don't have to go to Seattle in April and say, we were wowed by his workout. You could have sat at your desk in Flowery Branch as a Super Bowl-winning general manager and watched that he could throw the ball through the roof. I mean, you don't need to do that. So when you're planning your team in February, you've got to say, okay, here's how we solve this issue. We're going to sign Cousins. And now we're going to solve this issue with eighth pick in the draft. See, that's called team building. This is called grab bagging. Oh, we'll take this guy. We'll take that guy. Okay. All right, okay. Darius said maybe there's a positive to this. No, I mean, we were talking yesterday about revenge bodies and revenge thing. Obviously, when Jordan Love got drafted, we got, what, back-to-back MVP years from Aaron Rodgers, the competition. COVID MVP, but forget it. You mentioned, you know, even them kind of coming on almost even ground. Obviously, we know Kirk is kind of more of a known commodity in the league, and Michael Penix is like hey this this obviously went top 10 and we know pack we see these guys making throws like are we gonna be looking at each other hold on maybe maybe nine should be in there so it is a tough spot you're putting the quarterback in but at the same time we had a bunch of backup quarterbacks playing last year it's not like Kirk is coming off a healthy year he's coming in banged up I understand definitely what Lambeau's saying as far as building that team and I mean, I don't think anybody up here expects the Falcons to go on the Super Bowl run this year. You go back to the 90s. They do. Everybody does. Oh, no, no. No, no, no. Oh, look at the odds. No, no. They think they're one player away. They are the favorite of the team. There's no similarity between Jordan Love and Aaron Rodgers because they picked Love in the 20s, right? They picked him in the bottom. You're talking about a top 10 pick. Well, Aaron's also been there. Aaron's been there for 18 years at that time, or 17 years. And they knew he was kind of disgruntled. And they just gave $100 million of Ben Franklin's out. Like, they just gave $100 million out. Like, seriously. You talked about the Niners with the Joe Montana-Steve Young situation. Joe You talked about the Niners with the Joe Montana-Steve Young situation. Joe Montana told us that he said, let's put our salaries on the line. Let's compete against him. Easy. Let's compete against him. Him and Steve. Obviously, that ends with two great quarterbacks playing concurrently after each other, which is obviously a beautiful thing, which is what Atlanta is hoping for. But in the time being, there will be a lot of questions answered as this schedule continues to roll out this evening and the NFL season actually starts. Now, offseason is filled with beautiful moments. Tone has a question, Lambeau. Yeah, Lambeau, a bit of a game here. What do you think someone wanted to do less? And we're talking about Bill Belichick, and that was, do you think he wanted to do the draft spectacular less, or do you think he wanted to do that shot with robert craft on the stage at tom brady's tom brady's roast less i i think he probably enjoyed being around you guys than the roast i would think so i mean yeah i mean but look i i think it was awkward it was uncomfortable i've i haven't watched the roast yet at all i won won't. I haven't. But listen to what Julian said after the roast. I've heard his comments because I love Julian. I listened to what he said. It was, you could feel the tension within the building. But how could you not feel the tension? I mean, the 10-part infomercial that was produced on Apple was exactly destroying. I mean, I don't even know. I got to check and see if bill was even in the office for those 24 years it's kind of remarkable i don't even know yeah we might we you know can we check his time card there and see if it got stamped i we might want to because he obviously wasn't there you know and that game plan that beat the rams in the first super bowl and the game plan that beat the rams in the second Bowl, I'm sure that somebody from the Kraft family must have put that in and then got it going. Well, that's the thing. Everybody's talking about how smart Bill Belichick is. That information was all funneled to him from Jonathan. Of course. It had to be. It had to be. That's why you have to go back. It's like the Kennedy. You've got to go to the Warren Commission and look at the timestamps on the data collection. I mean, it's unbelievable. Do we have any more updates on that whole thing? I saw you getting into it with somebody. I always get into it, Posner. He wrote the worst book in the history. It's called Case Closed. It's filled with lies, complete lies. So we don't want to go down that road. My wife gets mad at me every time I go down that road. You are very passionate on that particular road, though. Most I've ever met, I pave in that road. You are in the front. I think we deserve the right to know. We lost too many people at Vietnam because of it, and they deserve the right to know. But that's a whole other situation. I just think, to me, one of the things you want to do, and I wrote about this for the Daily Coach, the Minnesota Vikings kept Bud Grant's office intact as an honor to him. He went to four Super Bowls for the franchise. He was, you know, these players in Minnesota have no idea who Bud Grant was. They just know he's a guy that would sit outside in the cold with no shirt on, with no coat on. You know, that's all they know. They don't know what he did, but that Will family paying respects to him because of the contributions he made to the franchise, that they didn't know him when he owned it. To me, that's really classy. And to have that infomercial, I think, is an injustice to the greatest coach of all time. How about, should I also call him the greatest GM of all time? Well, you can't say that because none of the players he drafted, see, Barmore just showed up there. He just went there because the campus was there. He liked Boston, you know. And Diggs just showed up there. Yeah, Duggar just showed up there, too. It's amazing how they just got there. I don't know how the hell they did it, you know. And why don't you add underneath this little GM thing here that says, you know, over the last 10 years the Patriots spent the least amount of money of cash of any team in the NFL that's documented that's fact and why don't you put that underneath there okay there's a lot of other things that could potentially go on there like uh you know all the future hall of famers that are definitely right around the corner yeah you know they're they are just they were drafted potentially by a guy who but he wasn't in the building. He was probably duck hunting or something. Okay, all right, all right, all right. Let's stick with that particular organization, though, because maybe that infomercial was just the ownership telling the fans, hey, we might have lost somebody. Okay, I get it. But the future is very bright. You have all the brands still here, and maybe this was just a work for their players. Yep. Just like this is a work for the fans. Just like when Rick Carlisle came out and said, small town teams are allowed to win too. Everybody started, wah, wah. That was for the players. That was for the fans saying, hey, listen, I'm with you out here. Maybe that's all the crafts we're doing because the Patriots seemingly in a great spot. Connor has a question. Yeah, feeling great, Lombo. For two months we talked a lot to work on then mayo says it and now all of a sudden he stinks um what can you actually find out about these rookies at the rookie mini camp is there anything legitimate that fans or the team can take away in those couple days and when you hear something like that a coach say yeah this player has a lot to work on obviously it's heightened because it's drake may and he's the third overall pick and he plays quarterback but what does that really tell you about their expectations with drake may and what can i as a patriots fan walk away from this from like yeah we're still gonna win the super bowl this year yeah well we might want to temper that a little bit but i think i i think to me that what you can only really look for at these camps is who's in shape and who's not right it's like who's in condition. And then it's the job of the organization to educate the players about the difference between being an amateur and being a professional, right? And so, and that's, even though they're in an IL now and they're always professionals, there's a huge difference between being an amateur and being a professional. And it's the job of the organization to remind the players that, you know, when you come out, amateurs focus on the outcome, professionals focus on the process. Amateurs focus on the scoreboard, professionals want to win every single, want to do something good every day. So there's these distinctions that you go through, right? That you have to educate what's the difference because you're moving them from college where the life was really fun and they could have, and they were the stars of the campus into a world where it's it's a business and we all know it's a cutthroat business and it's a difficult business and it's the job of the organization to basically educate them and that's what's really the most important thing about rookie camps and and for the next two months the onboarding of these players is really critical teaching them what it takes to be a patriot teaching them what it takes to be a professional removing them because look a lot of these players is really critical. Teaching them what it takes to be a patriot, teaching them what it takes to be a professional, removing them. Look, a lot of these guys, you can talk to them. You guys have seen them. You've played. Guys that don't take their schooling seriously. The difference between studying for pro and studying for the college is completely different. The time you have to put in. You're a professional now. You're not an amateur any longer. You're not going to stay on scholarship. You're here. And I think that's the real issue. And so you just have to be patient. And I think May will respond to that. I think Elliot Wolfe will do a good job in drafting. I think Elliot's really good. I like Elliot. It's just going to take some time to get this collective together to see who they are. Because what you want to do, just like we started this whole conversation, you want to figure out who Drake May is and what style of play does he need to be most effective. Now, Conman, I haven't seen the reaction. Patriots fans, because I quote tweeted in the group text and said, this guy stinks. He's a center there's a lot to work on. Is that how Patriots fans are also responding to Drod Mayos? Well, not really, just because we legitimately talked for two months about how he... Yeah, didn't Belichick kind of lay it all out? Belichick was the one that almost told the New England fans, like, hey, here's everything that Drake is going to have to work on to be in it. And then at the beginning, people in New England, I think, were pissed at Bill for saying this, right? Oh, this guy's a hater. He's doing this entire thing. So that that, okay, his feet are his biggest problem. Maybe that is something that is easier versus his accuracy being a massive problem. But I think the biggest thing for the Mayo was people in New England, Drake Mayo is the only guy out of those top three quarterbacks that wasn't expected to start right away. So the idea that he has a lot to work on really didn't shake anybody. That's what I'm saying. I feel like the table was already set for Drake Mayo. The table has already been set for Drake May. Yeah, Orlovsky was pitching it since... Kurt Warner said it. Literally everyone who came on that was a quarterback said he's got some work to do. Exactly. And like if you give a sky here... They all do. Yeah, well that was Bill Bell. That was Bill Bell. That's why they signed signed Jacoby Brissett for $8 million. They knew what they were doing. They didn't spend $100 million to sign a guy as they watched their player develop. They spent $8 million to do that. We get it. Pac-Man has a question for you about a brand new program we just heard about. Yeah, well, the Giants did spend $100 million on their quarterback and we just found out they'll be doing hard knocks as a GM coming as a gm coming off a shitty year just got rid of barkley all the eyes on you are you for this hard knocks thing and how in the hell does the nfl pick the new york giants out of any other team that we could have picked for for content i think it's going to be great pack i agree with you if i were the gm i wouldn't want it but we're going to get down to the bottom line remember the rhetoric that was coming out that the Giants wanted Alt, and that's why they were trying to trade up? They didn't want the quarterback, which to me is kind of an indictment on watching their quarterback, right? Like, why wouldn't you want a quarterback? I watched Daniel Jones play. We need a quarterback. But they said, oh, no, we want the left tackle. But then they made no attempt to trade with Arizona when Alt was still on the board. Like, they stopped trying to trade for the third pick once May went off the board. So it's a little bit confusing. Maybe this hard knocks offseason with the Giants will allow us to. You know, these hard knock things are dangerous for franchises. I think we've seen coaches who have been in this get fired because the fans see what their coach is doing, and they're like, wait a minute, that ain't very good, right? This could be really bad. You have to come out and you want to show people that you kind of have it all together. It'll be interesting to see how this plays out. Look, everybody thinks they're going to win the Super Bowl in May. We'll see if their offseason that the Giants had this year is good enough. Hugh Jack City, first person I think of. First scene of hard knocks for who we are a fan of. He's been on the show. Great tequila. He's got tequila. We think he – first scene of the first episode of that Cleveland Browns, after they lost the entire – every game before, is him at a charity event saying, I know I can win here. I can win here. And I'm like, I've never heard a coach say, I can win. Any coach has said we or this is what we need to do. But, like, the way he was talking in the first scene of the first episode, I'm like, this doesn't seem like it. How about his team meeting? How about his staff meetings? Freddie Kitching became the head coach because he was the only one in that staff meeting that actually sounded like he knew what the hell was going on like he got a battlefield promotion based on those meetings you know I mean that just shows you how bad it was right like and then when you let those cameras in you know look I think it's it could it can go both ways it can enhance you but it could hurt you yeah but it's good for the fans to see like, oh yeah, this team is inept. Okay. Exactly what I thought. Because who was about to... Haley, right? Todd Haley was about to fight Hugh Jack because he wanted somebody to practice. Hugh Jack said, we can't be practicing. And he actually, in the middle of the meeting, put his hands on the side of his head. And it's like wow this place is as dysfunctional as advertised you're right wombo i haven't even thought about that from i assume gm's talk about you don't want to get cleveland exposed out there yeah haley had that recommendation way before too it happened back in kansas city when when herb was there i mean they had a seat of her sit in his office deciding on who was going to be a starting quarterback. I think one of them was, you know, and neither of them. It was Brady Coyle was one of them and Damon Hurd. He was deciding on what he was sitting there pondering. And I'm sitting there watching it saying, you don't have a quarterback. There's nothing to ponder here now. You don't have a quarterback. Like, you don't have one. You don't need to ponder like let's just go on to the next guy flip a coin what were you gonna say today there was just that scene where hayley was like pitching something to hugh and he was like yeah well when you're sitting in my seat maybe we can do something like yeah but it just completely shut him down and yeah i think a lot of people did think they were gonna get into a fistfight at some point uh we were talking about this before we went on air with Pac-Man, who's a big Bengals fan, this wrist thing, okay, we talked to AJ, had this surgery. D-Butt had this surgery. Somebody came out and said that no other quarterback has had the same surgery that he had on his wrist. This is more of a physical contact type wrist surgery or injury. And D-Butt told us right before we went live, like, the issue with it is that the blood flow is not really as good that was a part of it that's what the doctor that did the surgery on me because um i played most of the season with the injury and usually even if you don't get surgery bone injuries will heal on their own because of the blood flow but this one it didn't so part of the surgery was like redirecting you know some of the veins or vessels or whatever so it'd be interesting to see him obviously take falls. That's something he has to do every game as a quarterback. How worried do you think for an injury? Let's say any injury that could be a lingering injury, especially at a massive position. We know Browning is there and he played well last year and everything like that. Duke is thinking about that over there in Cincinnati with the obscurity of this particular wrist injury at the quarterback position or having other backup plans or do you just have to go all systems go joe's going to be able to make it i think they go all systems go but what you guys brought up to me is interesting is is with if the blood flow doesn't get into his hand does that mean his hand gets cold and you know it doesn't have a real good feeling in it i think that would be my concern listening to that report is you know a quarterback's hand on the football is all about his feel and making sure and if it's cold because of the weather you know because there's not enough blood flow that gets to your hands and you have blue things around your fingernail you know that makes it very challenging you can get hand warmers and all that your fingies get cold that was an issue for it is literally the blood flow to like those bones and i would you know you'd much rather get a doctor on here to talk about it because i'm sure everybody's injury you're a doctor so it wasn't like my left hand compared to my right hand didn't get any you know more or less cold how about the movement because aj says his hand oh yeah no it's i've lost at least 50 percent of uh so that's what aj said as well 50 and for those positions it, 50%. And for those positions, it doesn't really... I'm not going to say it doesn't matter. Obviously, it affects things like a jumper, maybe a golf swing. But whenever you're trying to tackle or just catch, you can make do. But with quarterbacking, that's a flick of the wrist is a massive part of the entire thing. It's just... I hope Joey B can just have a year. Yeah. You know? Or he can just be who the hell he is, which is an absolute savage. Just a year. Okay. Because the wrist thing is a little bit worrisome just because it's never happened before. Pac-Man has no fear. No, I don't. You said, Joey, one wrist is better than both of you guys' quarterbacks. But anyway, making those questions short. D-Buds, I was going to ask you this question. You feel way more than probably what Joey's going to fall with playing gunner and doing all of that and using your hands more. Yeah. You think it's going to affect him that much? I mean, just the landing aspect of it because you're going to break your fall and you can't – Nah, nah, he's going to fall right on his face. All right, Joey B. Joey, we got to start working on just straight up face bumps. No arms. He's got to take jiu-jitsu. Yeah, he does. He's got to take actually taibo maybe because I think the best landing would potentially be left with no right. And he's got to have that core stability with a double time go. He's going to have to. That's what we need him to get into. Latua could show him the way. Yeah, Leotu Latu is his name. Okay, so let's go ahead and have a little bit of respect. Me and AJ, both of us, we played months with the injury. He didn't play. He got the surgery kind of, I guess, shortly after it. So maybe his recovery could be much better um but i mean it's something to be concerned about because joe burrow his career even coming in from college has kind of been riddled with injuries we know the talent he has but your quarterback got your best abilities availability especially at that quarterback position last question here from me about the schedule release um other than preparing for first coordinator you're going to play and maybe the first are you preparing for the first? What should we look for tonight? Obviously the international games have been announced. I think a lot of it is like, okay, you don't, there's, when you play that Sunday, who do you play Sunday? Who does Buffalo and Miami play the Sunday before that Thursday game? Right? They'll know each other there. Those are always ones that you want to look at. how physical the team you have to play before you play on a short week that's something that i always look into you want to make sure that you understand that and then you really have to do a good job on those holiday games if you have them because it's going to be a short week of incorporating those games within your summer training camp so you have an idea on who you're playing there and especially like if you're Seattle and you're playing the NFC North, nobody knows what Mike McDonald's going to do. So if you're Detroit, you've got to get ready for Baltimore, who you really don't play very much. You've got to get ready for the Baltimore defense, and you want to see that. And then you want to play new staffs early in the season. I think that's really important, as they kind of get going because they haven't had a full season to get their programs in place. New staffs, maybe new quarterbacks in new places. They're not going to be able to figure that out. Look at Jordan Love. Jordan Love, at the beginning of the year last year, LaFleur was really protecting him. By the end of the year, he was developing him. That was a huge difference. Remember, the Raiders beat him at home. Love did not play well. That was a huge difference. Remember, the Raiders beat them at home, and Love did not play well. He threw three interceptions in that game. They were protecting him, but eventually, by the middle of the season, he just exploded. And I think that's kind of like, for me, I want to play the Chiefs earlier in the year as they kind of go through their offense and changes what they're doing defensively. They lose Snead. The receiving room isn't different. room isn't different. That, to me, is what you want. You want to get somebody earlier in the season. I like where your head's at. I want the Chiefs in the middle. The middle, they get bored, seemingly. Are they undefeated in September? At the beginning, it feels like shows back and forth. No, they lost the Lions week one last year. Baltimore and Cincy are both Baltimore and the Chiefs are 4-1 in opening games. Both coaches are the same on opening day. But my point about KC early is I think there's an idea that they're going to go back to becoming more offensive than they were. They still have to play the same way. They've got to win with their defense. I'm not sure they're off. We don't know who their left tackle is going to be. The receiving room with Rasheed Rice, that suspension, if it happens, coming. So the receiving room with Rasheed Rice you know that suspension if it happens coming so there's a lot of question marks there they'll be well coached they'll be prepared there's no question but early in the year figuring out who they're going to be on offense has to be based on last year I love all this thank you as we watch tonight and hear about the games leaking throughout the day we'll keep an eye on all those things as punter kicker I want to know when we're going to windy places. Earlier in the year or later in the year? Deepa, what are you looking at? Cold games. You know, when are the cold games and then when's the bye week? When's our bye week? And you in Cincinnati, I guess every game's potentially cold. What else are you looking for? Matchups? Well, cold is the main thing. Like going to Kansas City or Pittsburgh, like late December, early January, because that wind off the river, oh, my God. Yeah, nightmare. Absolute nightmare. How about matchups? Catching punts, too. How about matchups? Oh, it don't matter. Every week is a good matchup. Yeah. I love matchups. You're going to get a dog. Yeah, you're going to get a dog. Okay, so that's not even a thought. Oh, You're going to be taking it. Well, week one and two, they've got guys, too. Let's make sure we're taking care of all that. Hey, Lomba, we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you, guys. Appreciate you. Good luck. All right, ladies and gentlemen, Michael Lombardi. Get your ass up. Can't wait for the inevitable letter from that author. Oh, yeah. You know what I mean? Worst book in the I hope so. I'll be able to tell you if they're lies or not, too. That's a good thing about nowadays. Everybody knows. Everybody knows everything. How is that? I'm not getting into it. There's arguments on both sides forever. Stats on both sides, too. Stats on both sides of every argument. Not everyone. There are certainly some outright winners. We definitely agree with that. And there are some antiquated thoughts that are potentially given during speeches by people yeah and it's like we can't let that sector make us feel any differently about us but also we can't think that that sector of people is bigger than it actually is that is a that always going to exist always going to exist we hope not we hope we get to a place where no assholes exist. Amen. I think we need assholes. We're not saying the good ones. We're talking like super duper. Like just like people that are just on purpose seemingly completely against every trend of common sense trolls and rolls roll dogs boom there it is but you're right we do need some edge you know shit talking yeah yeah yeah outlaws oh we get that well we're talking about just like people that are never just gonna you know what I mean there's never there's never gonna be a whole we're hoping for it but we can't let those people break through think that they're not. Let's just, we're all blinders on. Let's continue to, oh, we learned, people, 2024, that's a real, okay, all right, great to hear. Never met anybody like that. Never had, but we know that exists now. And now we, and remember that yeah more knowledge yeah it is that's not every catholic right no no i'm catholic i don't think like that okay so there's sectors of catholic yeah i mean who's it i can't i can't remember someone came on you know it's like college football fans there's the lunatic french okay of every religion in everything yeah everything exactly okay well like you said you know like there are probably very few practicing catholics who are sitting through a mass that's in all latin latin like that you know that was a part when that was said and that was like and obviously my wife and i had literally the most important thing that has ever come into my life my daughter through ivf so like there was a lot of things in that speech that was being given at the most Catholic college, I think, that has ever existed to the most Catholic people on earth or whatever. For sure. From somebody that we know. Obviously, Harrison is a great ball kicker. I'm a fan of ball kickers. But, like, some of the things, like, what do we even... Well, like you said... We know it exists. Yeah We know it exists. Yeah, antiquated. But there are definitely people out there like that. That was wild. Some of the... It was like, damn. Wow. Still, I thought we had enough information. Yes, this is true. I thought we had enough at this stage to kind of... But then he was like, I still listen to Latin masses. Those are like long, right? Oh, yeah. They taught that when my parents were in Catholic school. We're back next hour with more talk about that. Without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, the commissioner of the NFL. Don't listen to them. Roger, can you shut your mouth? I appreciate you. Thank you so much for joining us. You're our commissioner. Don't worry about the bombs. I appreciate it. Thank you so much for joining us. You're our commissioner. Don't worry about the bombs. From us to you, we'd like to give you a gift that we know you're a big fan of. Ladies and gentlemen, some peanut M&Ms for our commissioner. This is why we're on set? Yep. You can take these with you. You can take them home. I got a gift for you. What? Oh. You ready? Yeah, I like that. With the 222nd pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. Oh, yeah. The Indianapolis Colts select Pat McAfee. Hunter, West Virginia. Oh, yeah. Come on over here, baby. Good pick. Good pick. I'll pick him up. Thank you, Rog. I'm not going to pick you up because you got that back. That's all right. Yeah, I got it. There's your card, baby. That's real. That's awesome. I've been keeping that for, what is it, 15 years? You had it in your back pocket this whole time? This is cool. Thank you for this. So whenever we say that you have to answer to 31 billionaires, how accurate is that? 32. Well, you're not counting Green Bay? Yeah. Okay. Because that doesn't count. Big pop! There's a Green Bay Packers kid! I didn't know you did! Yeah, no, that was... I don't actually think that way. I actually think I answer to them. I think I answer to the media partners. I think I answer the players. I think I answer the owners too. The idea for me is to try to keep everyone happy. I always say that my biggest job is not to piss off more than 24 owners in a given day. How did you know the draft would be awesome if you traveled it, and did you see this happen? I'd be kidding you if I thought it was going to be as big as it is. We felt like we could be bigger than we were in Radio City. But what happened is Radio City actually put a holiday show in and said, you can't have the draft until June. And that's when we said, we're out of here. So it kicked you out. That's a different kind of input. How about, hey, listen. A lot of jokes from... They're booing Taylor Swift. Yeah, you can't, you can't, you can't, Phil. They're idiots. Yeah, you're going to be a part of an album. Do it. Get a little louder. She is going to cook you. A lot of the internet was saying, Roger Goodell is sitting at home. Through the moon I thought it was part of the script. Yes. That's what I talked to her. There it is. There it is. Is there a thought of adding another one, maybe adding another bye week? Or are we good at 17 right now? Well, I think we're good at 17 now. But listen, we're looking at how we continue. I'm not a fan of the preseason. I don't think we need preseason. Waste of time, right? And energy. They spent full price on tickets for those games. No, they're actually discounted now. Thank you for doing that. I'd rather replace a preseason game with a regular season any day. That's just picking quality, right? If we got to 18-2, that's not an unreasonable thing. The other thing it does, which I thought you were going to, is that ends up on President's Day weekend, which is a three-day weekend, which makes the Sunday night, and then you have Monday off. Wow. Now we're cooking. See, now we're cooking. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this scheduled release Wednesday, May 15th, 2024, Hour 2 starts now. Sports are the greatest. They really are. Especially here in Indianapolis, Indiana as both of our basketball teams are revving up. Yeah, the Pacers took a 30-point ass beating in MSG last night. That's going to happen when Kendrick Perkins is sitting next to Tracy Morgan and Billy Eilish and Spike Lee and then old buddy Starberry and John Starks. John Starks are in the game. They're playing with seven players a couple different times. Those guys weren't wearing a uniform. They're on the wood in the... And then you got a ref who wants to be the hero at the Mecca. So obviously that's going to take place. But Friday, when the Pacers host the Knicks in Game 6 of the series, it's going to be a whole different story just like it was on Mother's Day. Basketball is showing up in a big way. So is Kaitlyn Clark selling out a building in Connecticut for the first time since 2003 for a Connecticut Sun game. Now, I know there's an entire generation of women's basketball stars that are going to take women's basketball to whole new heights. And a league that is ready and excited for it is obviously awaiting and prepared with an abundance of talent that the world will fall in love with. But then this dumbass ref calls two quick fouls on the only reason everybody is there. Hopefully they're able to figure that out. Hopefully the Fever are able to figure out how they're going to play to become a team that goes from 13-27 next year to 30-10 this year. The Talks tab was here at Boston Corner. Natai Schmidt, big win for the Boston Bruins. Last night, we were staring down potential extinction of the Boston Bruins from this year's NHL playoffs, and instead with their backs against the wall, Swayman stands on his head on his dad's birthday, and now we're heading back to Sunrise, pal, with an opportunity to extend. Congrats to the Bs. Hell yeah, back to Boston Friday night. Oh, it was in Sunrise last night. I forgot about that. I apologize. Yeah, in Florida last night. Back to Boston on Friday night. And look, this is exactly what we said yesterday. Geeky, first of all. See you later, Bob. Sorry about it. Toe drag. Bucket. But I mean, this is what we said yesterday. Okay? Look, down 3-1. If this is is a Stanley Cup champion team. Chucky McAvoy, of course, you saw this one coming. Saw the jersey yesterday. Look at Bob, bitch. Shut up. Shut up, Bob. But once again, this is a Stanley Cup champion team. They're destined to come back 3-1. They're destined for Brad Marchand to make his heroic return on Friday night. And then for the Sway Man to do what he did in these last two minutes, there should have been at least two goals from the Florida Panthers. A no-look from Montour. I was even shitting my pants. Swayman, not worried about it whatsoever than this one. I mean, when you got some guy on the doorstep, no, you're not going five-hole. You're not going between these legs on my papa's birthday, on Kenny Swayman's birthday. My father. My father? You On Kenny Swayman's birthday? My father. My father? You think I'm going to let a puck go five-hole on my father's birthday? I didn't think about how my father's father felt on my father's birthday. He could be rolling over in his own grave, whoever Grand Lord Swayman is. But, man. Grand Mon. Grand Mon Swaymon. You have to be pumped if you're the Bs. I feel great. I'm hoping I actually have to go back to Boston this weekend. I think there's a chance maybe I go say hello to the Garden and see the Sway Man and Pasta in person. But, no, I feel really good. Need to get this one, and then Game 7, anything can happen. We've been talking about the officials in WNBA, obviously, what happened. Isaac Bennett's his name. Get him out of the tour. Kick him off the tour, Doug. The worst. See ya. Can't have it. You know, we talk about Tony Peters and Scott Foster in the NBA. They're running their own game. They have for a long time. It's a good gimmick. It's a good gimmick. It is. It's a good gimmick. We appreciate what you're doing. You know, they're gonna they're good referees whenever they need to be. Sure. Which is why they've been able to do this for 30 years. Tony Peter's Scott Peter song is a one that has been played at the same tune for the same amount of time every single year. So we respect him. What we've also been talking about is how the NHL has been treating the Boston Bruins. You know, with some cheap shots potentially to Jaws, knocking guys out, and Marshawn up-pest, and then, you know, not letting Patty Maroon, you know, get involved in the dust-ups whenever the Florida Panthers are trying to make things as dusty as possible. And then last night, Bob's way out. What happened last night? Well, so what happened last night and all those things you mentioned, that aside. Old school hockey. Yeah, old school hockey. That's part of the game. You know, P.K. Subban running his mouth about shit. Whatever. Okay, I can acknowledge that. I don't think anyone who is a fan of hockey can watch this play and actually say oh yeah that makes sense bob makes a save obviously big save he doesn't have the puck and they blow it dead and the reasoning that the broadcast announced team had was none actually when they came back from break because obviously when the nhl is trying to get one team to advance they go to break when it's clear that everyone can see, oh, they're trying to rig this game. But once that happens, they go to break from this and then don't talk about it again. They come back with the Sam Bennett cross check on Coyle. That was a goal. But just no explanation whatsoever. It doesn't make any sense. Obviously, the shot gets tipped and Panthers fans immediately, well, the next shot didn't go in. That's not the point. Like, when stuff like that happens and the goalie's scrambling, that is when stuff happens for the other team. So, for this to happen and there to be no explanation was asinine, obviously, you just keep playing puck. Well, they thought the ball got hit in the throat, right, is what happened. And I guess there is a rule, something about if a goalie's mask gets dislodged, he's supposed to blow it dead. Yeah, of course. Player safety, of course. If the goalie mask gets removed or gets moved, absolutely. Not even a hint of that. Actually, Bob is trying to move back into the net, and instead the rest are just like, no, no, no, we'll blow it dead and put you back in there. Don't worry. Let's just move it. We'll have a face-off. You don't have to worry about this at all, Bob. Nine-year NFL vet, Florida Panther fan, Darius J. Butler. Obviously, you're on the other side of this, reaping the benefit of the potential stoppage. But I do like player safety. Do you feel as if the world wants you guys to win? Because that's kind of what Connor is. Yeah, I'm kind of new to the sport. Is that right As Connor mentioned a couple times, I would have thought that Boston was a bigger draw in this sport. I would think. I don't know. But it still sounds like a lot of bitching. Even after a win. But, hey, look. Boston came out. They set the tone. They got a win. They were feisty. And I was taught by a great coach up in the Boston area, hey, when you win, say a little. When you lose, you say a little less. So, you know, congratulations, guys. Yeah, when you guys win, you've been saying nothing. We ain't even bitching, though. I like how you're handling this. This guy's the worst, man. Big game six coming up. You're a good representative. I hope Marcian's back, too. NHL would want Sunrise, Florida over, you know, one of the biggest cities in the country to be in there. You were in that city. Look, you're watching the games. Don't act like I'm some asshole just saying stuff, okay? Yeah, I'm a Bruins fan. Any hockey fan can look at that and say, what the hell is going on? It's not rigged. Okay? I know it's not rigged. Sports aren't rigged. I don't believe in the script. But you understand what I'm saying. That is asinine bullshit. Well, what you to point out is, and this is how hockey refs operate, hockey refs are humans. They do try to set a little tone. They do make up calls. They'll actually say, had to. Sorry. We got one later in the game, the second goal. If I were a Panthers fan, you could make the argument that that was goal interference. But I'm saying what you're trying to bring up is like, hey, a lot of things have been skewed one particular way here, stripes. even though we need to maybe bring this back the other way. And we hope that's not the case. We just want it to be nice, fair, and square. Amen. But I like that we got a game six and that whenever the Bears were put into a corner, Spamoni. That's right. The whole time. What's going to happen? I mean, what happens if Marchand comes back game six and then all of a sudden that place just lights up like Zambelli fireworks after a Skeens win. Cool. Is that ever going to happen? I hope so. I hope so, too. It already did. Huh? It already did. Game one. He didn't get the win. No, but they won, and there was fireworks. So Skeens appeared, and there was a win. And there was Zambelli. We want a 21 strikeout. Bingo. strikeout bingo scenes win yep Zambelli to our fire light that sky up so that all of Pennsylvania can see it that's what we're hoping for yeah and if he does that we'll donate a million bucks to the Gary Sinise foundation which is wild we'll ride alongside of him hundred bucks for every single strikeout I can't wait to see how he does 12-year NFL vet Pac-man Jones is here Pac-man we got a song coming out here in six days. Six days. All the smoke featuring Joe DeBreeze. Hey, we have a music video coming out. Yes, sir. Shot in 8K, I think. Yeah. Good clean. We got drone footage in this entire thing. We got some bangers coming in. We even got some ATVs, some quadro in You're up on two wheels. Hey, let's go. I just watched that DMX clip when he was in front of 700,000 You know the roughers and the music video is where I first thought to myself Well, I need a dirt bike when I grow up so I can just roll right down the middle of street We got a little bit of that Yeah, a little bit of that knowledge the All in Smoke. Oh, yeah. Yeah, a little bit of that in the All in Smoke music video. Literally, first thing I said to you, I was like, oh, yes, I like what we're doing here. Good luck with that. It's going to crush me. Hell yeah, Pat. Joining us now live from Anatic in speaking at a Catholic school near you, A.J. Hawke. There you go. Hawker! I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking. Yes, I'm big on that. You know, I love public speaking, of course. Wherever they'll hire me. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's what you've been saying. That's what your card actually says. Bingo. A.J. Hawke. My business card. Wherever you'll hire me. Buckeye legend. Buckeye hero. Buckeye hero. Hey, Connor can't be too pissed, obviously. The goalie interference situation. I know the great Paul Bisnett was online saying, yeah, that was absolutely interference, wasn't it? Well, Biz Nasty is certainly a guy who does call it. His call it. He's not a Leafs fan. It all evens itself out, car man. So, we will say as fans of the big rig patty maroon when these refs were kicking him off the ice yeah just for like talking and then there was full face washes and actual punches happen immediately afterwards everybody it's like hey hold on a second like this guy that's why he's on this team that is literally why he's here that would be like a ref calling two fouls on the person that sold out the fucking arena you know like what happened in the wmba and we know that officiating is difficult we understand that but it does feel as if we are in a new generation a new era where there is a lot of war about me you know yeah what about me you know and it might be creeping into the officiating. Who would we be if we didn't point that out and say, hey, can't have it. We wouldn't be journalists, which is what we strive to be every day. That's all we're trying to do. Yeah, I guess. It is very tough to be a referee. I agree. But it is not tough to not call ticky-tack fouls on the superstar of the league. I think that's pretty easy to do, actually. Yeah, but she's a rookie. Rookie-ass rook. You've got to earn it. You've got to pay your dues. You've got to pay your dues. You don't have to call ticky-tack fouls. If it's a foul, call the foul. Don't be calling anything else. Look at these, AJ. And I thought maybe it that is played. Didn't even touch. Didn't even touch. It's a first foul called, I think. That was literally the first foul called in the game. And then just moments later, what do we got? Both going for the ball. Yep, caught. Same guy. This piece. I'm not saying it. Sack of bones. Yeah, I'm not saying it. First of all, I don't think he touched her. That one. So it's like, was old buddy just sitting on his whistle hoping to call something? We need something? Or was it, you know, aimed at Kaitlin Clark? Not got the under. Yep. Welcome to the new league. You know, that's what it's hard not to say immediately upon doing it. But there's a lot more problems than just these two calls. Now, did her mindset change because she was playing with two fouls early. Did they have to put her on the bench earlier than anybody would have expected? Yes. Did ratings probably plummet immediately upon her going to the bench? I would assume so. But hey, gotta call it how you see it, Isaac Bennett. We understand. Gotta call it how you see it. Gotta call it what you can't see, what we didn't see. Hopefully that'll clear itself up moving forward, I think. I hope. I'm worried. Just don't call any ticky-tack fouls. Let the girls play. He probably got a phone call after the game. I would assume. No. If it's a good commissioner, it's got to be in person. They don't want to put anything. He makes calls to league offices. He does have their number. He probably made a couple calls, too. Like, hey, you see who called the first foul on Kaitlin Clark in her W career? Me. That was me. Did you see it? Did you see? I called it. I got two on her early in the first four minutes. Isaac was talking about it. Yeah, Isaac calling his buddies. Definitely. And him talking to the other refs. She thinks she can just come into this league. Come on. I've been reffing in this building since 2003. Are you kidding me? Yeah. You think all these people are here for you? They know about my back pedal into my side slide down the baseline. People have been talking about it for years. Do you know how many Isaac Bennett jerseys are in this bitch? All of them. Underneath those other jerseys, obviously, because I always got their back. These people are here to see my motherfucking head. That's potentially the thought. There is a bigger conversation to be had, though, about like we need to just put the city on Kalen's back and just say, hey, like you did with Iowa. Yes. Do it with Indianapolis. Go do it. Just do it with Indianapolis. Her and Aaliyah Boston are going to be a great tag team, I think, a great duo. And they're going to figure it out as they go. But Tony Diggs was calling for a firing after one game, AJ. I don't know if you saw it. I did. To start the show. That's a bit aggressive. We want the ref gone and the coach gone after one game yet. We've only watched one game in this league's history. We can promise as we made, head to a roll, AJ. That We get promises we made, head to a roll, AJ. That's how life is. After one. So, okay. All right. For real, though, Tone, after how many games? Let's say they start out 2-12. Then what? Then do you really have to make a move? 2-12? Why? It ain't going to be 2-12. Well, we don't need to put that in the universe right now. I just found out they 27 last year on the scoreboard on the screen underneath their name. I said, wait a minute. I didn't know that we had a number one overall pick. Not a good team. Yeah. Now we know. Thank God we got the number one overall pick this year. If there was ever a year to go 13-27, it was last year. Yeah, thank you for doing that fever organization. It obviously has it figured out. See, that GM. We need to have a little bit more faith. I don't know who the Bears have in week one this year, but I'll tell you what, if they put up a performance like that, they're going to be calling for Felucis' head in week one. I guarantee it. Well, if the refs throw four personal fouls on Caleb Williams in the first quarter. If they don't let him do a little pizzazz, and they call penalties on him being competitive, then maybe there will be a little bit more. How about... Yeah, he throws up down here. Rawr! First down! Has he said Bear Don yet? He said... No, he did Bear Don when he got drafted. Bear Don! I heard him singing a little bit. He's good. Hey, we're happy for you, Caleb. We'd also like to see Caitlin. You know, let's just not waste this. Please. You know, let's. Let her shoot. Green light. Green light. All day. All day. I want one half court a game. Yeah. That's what we're here for. Hey. Not like a logo like jumper, like a half court runner. I think she was also trying to be like super nice. Early six and a half point dog she's great passers she's still had a bunch of great passes as well she still sets her teammates up yeah she talked about she only had a couple assists because i think there's you know dribbles and stuff like that gotta make the shot over over there was six and a half some of us thought that she would pass it a little more last night did you watch the game huh did you watch the game no so i do appreciate the fact aj that you pointed out that we watched one WNBA game and we go, this guy didn't even watch his ball for a good reason. He just read the stat sheet the next day. First WNBA game I've ever bet on. Over six and a half assists because I thought, you know, let's not be selfish in the WNBA. She wasn't selfish. She couldn't get on the damn court because of Bennett, that asshole. Yeah, there was a lot going on. We'll continue to keep an eye on that. Joining us now is a man who's keeping an eye on everything that's happening in the NFL because his show was back today, but it had been off and we all had missed it. Emmy Award winner, ladies and gentlemen, from Good Morning Football, Peter Schreger. Yay! Shregs, sorry We got so locked in on that conversation I've got takes Is Christy Sides on the hot seat? One day in Alright, that's crazy So, Tundix is calling for it He didn't even watch the game Feels like Shregs might be too We're learning Did you watch? I'm just saying She was at Iowa, lighten it up She had 10 turnovers yesterday He didn't even watch the game. Feels like Shrinks might be, too. We're learning. Did you watch? I'm just saying. I'm just saying. She was at Iowa. Lighten it up. She had 10 turnovers yesterday. Okay. All right. All right. Christy Sides is going to figure it out. We're Sides guys. Yes. I am. Yes. Me, too. I can be a size guy, but. I go blooter too. Yeah, boom. That's me, Shregs. I was your college coach. Okay, this is a W. We're talking about. I would tell sides of this. This ain't the Atlanta dream, okay? It's the Atlanta fever, all right? That's right. It's a different kind of feeling. That's right. Hey, Sh all this W shit talk that you've been trying to do for years that nobody would do. Bottled up. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, Schrags, let's talk about what you do know a lot about. The schedule guessing that you've been trying to do has been phenomenal. Obviously, you've been accurate. Just like with the draft, congratulations. Best draft analyst going for, I believe, second win in three years, I do believe, if I have it accurately. And then you've got people like Jordan Schultz literally just tweeting out games all day. How do people find out what these games are? And when you're guessing these games, are you just trying to sit in the seats of the networks? And how do you feel about the first batch of games that we've learned about? It's kind of an open-ended there, but go ahead and run with it. Yeah, well, now it's open season because the teams have their schedules. So all you need is a source at one of the buildings and they can give you the tips. So usually today's leaks are pretty accurate. But leading up to yesterday, everyone was guessing and some of the networks knew because they had to announce it on their upfronts. But even up to this morning, I don't think everyone knew the Netflix deal was a done deal as far as Christmas Day games go. But now each of the teams has their schedule now the leak has gone above and beyond to try to protect that information if i'm not mistaken every schedule that was sent out over any electronic communication is watermarked with the email that it's sent to so they can't really send it out or if you're getting caught leaking it and then there's great repercussions so uh the nfl would love to keep this under lock and key until 8 p.m. Eastern, but the teams now know, and by that point, all it takes is a phone call to a Jordan Schultz or whoever, and it's usually pretty accurate. But the NFL would love to make tonight's 8 p.m. Eastern announcement a giant event, and they're going to do a good enough job because there's still enough games that have not been announced yet. Go ahead, AJ. Sh Go ahead, AJ. Shrugs, speaking of that Netflix deal, what, with two games on Christmas Day are going to be streamed live on Netflix? Is it right they paid upwards of $150 million per game? Is that correct? I don't know the number, but I know it's a lot. And what that tells me is a couple things. One, we've got a new partner in town. And they always say it's broadcast partners. Well, obviously, ESPN and ABC are one. I worked for Fox. They're one. CBS, now Amazon, NBC. Now you've got Netflix into the pool as well. You also have to think they've got a pretty good game there. Now last year on Christmas we saw a couple games, Giants-Eagles. We saw Raiders versus Chiefs. I would think that if you're paying upwards to $300 million for games, you're going to get a premier matchup. I would think kansas city has to be a part of that i don't i honestly do not know that but i would assume that they're going to give them the chiefs as a defending super bowl champions who the opponent is we'll see um and then what the other game is and whoever else we don't know um as far as kansas city goes i'm speculating it has been reported on the internet now has it been it's they it's what are they saying ravens at texans and chiefs at steelers i believe are the christmas day games okay that has been reported on the internet has not but we don't know if it's all seems like those are two awesome matchups on december 25th if those are so they're paying for that what's curious to me is you know why the nfl went with them as opposed to an amazon who i'm sure is going to spend, or CBS or Fox. And what I've been told by sources is like, this is a big international play. Like Netflix has international rights to the NFL. So this is kind of fitting two boxes. One, they think there's a younger demographic on Netflix. They also think there might be an international demographic that we don't hit on the broadcast cable networks. But, you know, it's another player in town and uh netflix is here now and after the success of the quarterback and the brady roast i think they're going to be figures in the nfl moving forward yeah 270 million worldwide subscribers netflix i believe was the number that i heard from sources this morning as well and you hear people complaining about you know like they're having to pay for a new thing. I think no offense to those who don't have a Netflix subscription. I think if you were to not watch on Christmas, I don't know if it'll be noticed. The numbers are going to be bananas for these games. I mean, they are going to be absolutely bananas. And some people think that the NFL is kind of leaving them behind or whatever, you know, because you're making me have to pay for these other things, pay for these other things. I'm paying more than, like, I am for cable and everything. It's like at this stage of the game, that's what it is, though. You know, for almost any, like, oh, I want to watch this movie. Well, I got to download this app. And I got to be for a month subscriber for this just to watch this one movie. It's kind of how the new world is. We don't love it. I'm not saying it's a good thing. Same with a stand-up special. If I want to see Nate Bergazzi's new stand-up special, where do I find it? It's on one of the streamers. It's not on Comedy Central anymore. It's going to be on one of the streamers. It sucks, but it's just reality world. If you don't have Netflix, everyone in the world has it at this point. To 70 million people. I don't know what the world is. Call your cousin Greg. It's not 50 bucks to watch one NFL game. That's not what it is. I would add, what's curious about it, though, is we know the broadcast crews for all these networks and Amazon had NBC assisting with their first year and has still a partner in that. Like, you know, Freddy Godelli is still involved with Amazon, who's like an icon in the industry. Fox used to do Thursday Night Football for NFL Network. CBS did the international games this year. Netflix has never done a football. We don't know who their pregame crew is. We don't know who the halftime crew is. Is Burt Kreischer going to be on with the guys from Squid Game? Please! Yes! Yes! Yes! Thank you! Yes! Burt! Boom! Done! They've done a couple live events. Let's think about this. Okay, let's look at Segura and Kreischer. Two more games. Two bears, two games. Just got announced today. I don't think we need to rush in. Let's take a beat and kind of figure out what we want to do with the packaging. The machine? Me machine here? I think there's going to be – I think there's a chance for incredible entertainment opportunity, though, here with Netflix. And if you look at – back to your point about Netflix going to be just fine in the live stuff, they did that stand-up special with Martin – Chris Rock. Chris Rock. There it is, Chris Rock. They did a golf event. They did a tennis thing. They did the Bachelorette thing, like live reunions. Love is Blind. There it is. They did the Grote, obviously, live, which went over very well. And then they also just spent $5 billion on WWE's Monday Night Raw for the next five. So I do believe if you're potentially a live show, okay, in the sports world, there is a new player in town who has a shit ton of money, who also has 270 million worldwide subscribers. So if you're trying to take your show on the road or sell out stadiums in Germany or sell out stadiums in Brazil or sell out stadiums maybe in Australia or wherever the hell you would like to sell out stadiums. It's not a bad partner to do business with. So we would like to say, just from us to netflix thank you for getting involved in sports we appreciate it that's good news for the growth of sport as a whole but also the growth of the game worldwide it should be amazing let's talk about the worldwide games so there's enough jokes to be said whenever I ask this particular question. What did Germany do? This game. Giants. Yep. I know there's a lot of answers within the last hundred years, which I don't think a lot of people are learning about anymore, seemingly, which we should bring back into maybe we change the show to that because we can have a whole discussion yeah well that should be something that is at least discussed at some point it feels like with this next generation but like germany has proven to be massive nfl fans i think there was like 1.3 million people depending upon when you got a screenshot of the queue for people to buy tickets to last year's games, which were the first ones ever there. So this year, it's the New York football giants who have a hard knocks offseason. We're going to learn more about them than ever before. They're going to grow stars. Everybody's going to watch it. And then the Carolina Panthers. Now, when I put out the tweet, Germany is a better game, there was a lot of jokes that came. A lot of jokes that came. A lot of jokes that came. And I should have expected that. I'm sure the Germans over there understand that that's going to be coming forever. That is how that's going to work. But then I saw Panthers fans mad that I said that. And then I didn't see any Giants fans mad. So they all assumed that I was talking shit about the Panthers being the game in Germany. It's not just them. It's both teams involved. So I just thought if you have a country that is allegedly a majority of the people that travel to London as well. That is what we've been told by people that have gone to the London games. They say a lot of the people we run into and encounter at these NFL events and games in London live in Germany. Whether it's military or the German people who have a massive NFL media market over there with Bjorn Werner and, oh. Magnus, was it Magnus Hunt? Who was it? It was another guy. Anyways, they're running Football Bromance, the Football Bromance show. They're selling out arenas over there. This is an NFL podcast. It's like I would have thought that we would have potentially, as an NFL, gave them one. But then who knows what any of these games are going to be like, which is why it's so hard to project these types of things. Do you have any thoughts on the international games and how it's headed and everything? Yeah, because two years ago, I was at that first Germany game in Munich and NFL Network sent all of us and we did like a whole week leading up to it. And I was blown away, not only by the amount of fans, but also the amount of educated fans. So like that's a real market. It is. And Munich is going to bring it again. And this is where we had the country roads being sung with Tom Brady. You look at the Giants and the Panthers. The Panthers are obviously a newer franchise. They don't have the same fan base as the Giants, but the giants are going all in on like a marketing push this year for their 100th year as a franchise so you have the in-season off-season hard knocks which i'm still getting my head around it's basically from january to july it's all their free agent moves draft moves combine that's what's going to be talked about so that's going to be a team people are buzzing about and then of course you have the 100th year where the giants are rolling out all sorts of different initiatives where it's going to be the top 100 Giants of all time, a new patch on the uniform. So this is a big year for the Giants. And they have 100 years of history where whether or not they're a Super Bowl contender, there is a certain feel about the Giants as a franchise going back 100 years that now they're finally playing in Germany. They're also 3-0 all time in international games. Their latest victory being over Aaron Rodgers and the Pack packers a couple years ago in a surprise game in 2022 in london yeah so i i understand you never know i guess you literally have no idea what teams are going to be great what aren't going to be great giants have massive fan base carolina panthers fan base although they didn't show up to a lot of games last year because they're about done with all the shit they are a passionate group they'll get behind if bryce young's able to go let's talk about something going on with you, Shregs Go ahead, Ty Yeah, Shregs, this is a bit of an aside And I haven't checked recently I think last time I looked it was at 7 But I'm just curious How many laptops do you have left to give away right now on Twitter? It's crazy It's crazy I've been hacked more than any adult film star you could ever imagine I just get hacked all day on Twitter And I'm giving out free iMacs apparently. So this time I got hacked this morning. We're on, is that what it's called? An iMac? I don't even know. So we're, we're on this Mac book pros, I believe, but they're signed this time. So, um, it's a signed Mac book. No, it's unbelievable. I get hacked every week. You do. What happened? What happened? What do you, what happened? Obviously, everybody sees what happens to you. And that's like the most public, your password sucks. Of all time. First things first, maybe change your password from NFL football to something else. But like 1234 is such a good password. I'll never forget it. I just want to let you know, it sucks it's happening. Obviously, we're at a stage in the internet. I'm at this point, though, Pat, literally. Today it happened. I'm just like, white flag. Mail it in. Keep giving them away. Keep hacking. Mail it in. What was your latest password, Shregs? Can you tell us the one that got hacked? That was it. The problem is, you've got do like two something authentic i don't even know what email it's linked to anymore and they need the back up and they say well we'll send a four digit code to a phone number don't have that number anymore that's in like azerbeirjan or something i don't know yeah if anyone works for twitter or X, I mean... They don't deal with us ever. They don't deal with me. Our videos just get stolen by other people, and then they make an entire business out of stealing everybody's videos, and nobody says anything. And then we say, hey, this is our shit, and then we're told, fill out some paperwork. What? That's my fucking thing I got like a hundred messages from people like in my life that are like real functioning human beings being like so dude like about the Macbook no way I was just about to say we're at a stage of internet knowledge now where everybody sees your tweet go out, and there isn't a thought of like, oh, this guy is having hard times. He's on TV. He's selling MacBook. We don't think that. Literally just think that your passwords suck. Or we think, man, somebody's pissed off at Shrakes. Someone's angry at me. They didn't like my mock schedule. It was a good one, though. Hey, your mock schedule's been great. Your mock schedule's been great. Connor has a question for you, Shrakes. Yeah, Shrakes, there was a report from Connor Hughes that the New York Jets were thinking about hiring somebody above Nathaniel Hackett, essentially demoting him. Is that true? And then also part of the story was that Rogers was the one that completely shut it down. Have you heard that same thing, or is this just offseason fodder? Let's make some stuff up. Oh, I wouldn't question Connor. He's pretty plugged in, but I haven't heard that. And from what I gather, this has actually been a really good offseason, obviously, for every team. They talk like it's the greatest, but, you know, Rogers getting back to rehabbing where he's at and the Jets' offense batting some offensive line. I haven't heard they were looking to bring it. I would be curious to see what that means because every team always considers some of these guys a Tom Moore type or a Pete Carmichael type, guys that have been around who could be offensive consultants that could help. But I don't think anyone's usurping Hackett, and that certainly wasn't an initiative this offseason from the Jets' front office, from what I gather. Usurping. Good word. Is that what you said there? Yeah, it's a good word. Yeah, you bequeathed that one upon us, and then it just kind of sat with me for a couple seconds, and then I said, shit, that's a brand new one. That's a big brand new one. Tone has a question for you, Shrakes. Yeah, Shrakes, have you guys at Fox before the season had your Was it super awkward between Tom and Greg Olson? No. So that's in July. We have this great company off-site, and we haven't had it yet. But I've spoken to – I don't know Brady at all, but I've spoken to Olson, and he's super engaged and ready to go and has handled this like a pro. So I'd be curious to follow that as well. But from all things I gathered, Brady's been really up front and really complimentary of greg and then greg has handled this like a true pro so hopefully that continues but no fireworks yet if that's what you're looking for uh yeah we definitely are and uh no i'm joking we love greg and but how about christy sides i mean if you got the fever and you got all this hype i'm on side i am on side side yes you yep, you. Yep, me too. I don't believe you, Ty. You better start winning because guess what? This is game one. Coach Bluter's sitting out there. One game. One game. We were thinking about it. Bluter had to get used to Kaitlin, too. She had to change things up. You know what she said? She said, hey, I need to change my coaching And Coach Sides in her first thing was like, we've got to get her to play a little differently. You know, she's got to kind of learn how to. Hey, that ain't how this works. Okay, Coach Sides? Come on. It's not about the Jimmies and Joes. It's about the X's and O's. That's Coach Sides' slogan. Yeah, but they're flying planes now. She can't live with that. What the hell? going on. We need 50 shots a game. At least. Per quarter maybe. Dude, we are the greatest WNBA show of all time. WNBA people. When we start covering the NHL, hockey people are like, thank God a show's covering hockey. Thank God for doing that. It's been very cool to feel the love from the hockey community. The Vancouver folks. The Coovers. The Coovers. They don't love the... Tough night to feel the love from the hockey community. The Vancouver folks. The Coovers. The Coovers. The Coovers. They don't love the... Tough night. They were so close. Minute 40, they're back in that thing. Winner. Just a minute later. Sorry about it. But in Edmonton, obviously, it's crazy. But let's talk about WNBA. I'll be excited to see how long WNBA fans are like These guys need to stop talking. I mean, probably when we kind of bring up the idea, what do we need to give up for Becky Hammond here? Do we need to trade our next 10 first-round picks? Does they do that in the NBA? John Gruden. What's that? Whoa. The John Gruden trade. I don't think the Fiends are bringing in Gruden, Craig. Take it easy, Craig. I don't think he's a big basketball guy. He's carrying water for him. He's Bill Jackson, maybe. His computer got hacked, too. Yeah. I don't think it did, actually. Well, no hacks there. His password was actually too difficult. It was only him. Anyways, Shregs, any news about the break here? Are we in a dead time right now? We're getting leaked stuff about the schedule obviously all day today but in the next couple days you're going to get rookie mini camps you're going to get some stuff but i don't think you're getting any major major scoops there's a league meeting may 22nd which usually has some league like wide like finances and initiatives but i don't see any crazy news coming hopefully not knock on wood over the next couple days nfo wise go. Shregs, is there a team right now that may be flying under the radar you think is going to surprise some people and kind of jump out and be an elite contender? Yeah. Yeah, you know, there's a few teams that have new coaches that I think are really intriguing. Like, I look at Seattle, and it's like Pete Carroll had all these years, and they add in Mike McDonald, who's this young upstart coach, obviously. And he brings in the offensive coordinator from the University of Washington. Now, Seattle missed the playoffs last year. Seattle has a young, good roster. Their defense was atrocious last year. It's like you bring in Mike McDonald, a defensive coach. Is that this year's team that makes the leap and says, we're good? Now, everyone's going to pick the Houston Texans as like your team. Everyone's going to say, well, wait houston texans as like your everyone's gonna say well wait the packers they knocked on the door and the lions were right there but i always look at those teams new coaches teams that like the houston texans last year who added to miko ryan's got a little a little fresh blood and fresh life but like tennessee with brian callahan like what are they gonna look like with now they have an offensive coach it's like with the quarterback levis and they could do it so seattle and tenn Tennessee are my sneaky teams that literally no one's talking about who I think did a really good job this offseason. I saw Tatum, right? That's his name. Tackle from Alabama that went to Tennessee. There it is, Latham. Holy hell. He is massive. And then they took the kid Sweat, who I think is like 360 out of Texas. So they went just big. And did you see Callahan, the old man Callahan, on the line coach in the back of that Latham video? Hands in, like, hoodie pocket, like, yeah, this is what we do. We got one. We got one. That's exactly the thought. It's like Tennessee Titans were all very flustered by with the Vrabel move. And then all of a sudden, they start piecing it together. It's like, oh, they got some weapons. They got some meat. If Levis is a guy, okay. The Titans all of a sudden. They stole Calvin Ridley. The Jaguars thought Calvin Ridley was coming back. And then the Titans stole him in free agency. And to a point where you take him from a division rival, that's a guy who has 100 catches. You a division rival that's a guy who has 100 catches you put him with deandre hopkins like you add in latham you add in some other player pollard pollard at running back they got quietly better and i know tennessee titans aren't gonna be the start of my show good morning football or espn's morning shows anytime soon because they're not a big market but you look at you try to circle those teams where all right quiet under the radar pac-Man once played for them. Okay, there we go. High draft pick in the history. Sixth overall, I think. Absolutely. And Jeff Fisher, new. He said, I'm playing this guy. Special teams, defense, and offense. He's going to be commissioner. Down here. Jeff Fisher? Yep. Arena League. Commissioner of the Arena League. Okay. Get him to the big boy league. Is he going to make sure that the uprights are actually – they had uprights that were falling. Yeah, tilted. Games were being played with the uprights. Kicking off the net is a big part of the whole game. It is. Well, it's because AB screwed up that net. No, I don't think that was AB's Arena League. He was the Empire. It was AB's Eagle Twin that owned that team. Who's that? Oh, yeah, yeah. If I can pull the name. It wasn't AB. I remember. AB the own team. No, he had. He had the Empire. The Albany team. Hey, he has podcasts. I had Tyreek Hill on the podcast last week. Antonio Brown. I do not. I saw a post from Antonio Brown this morning supporting Caitlin Clark, telling her everybody need to relax. Oh, is that right? Yeah, we're talking full. I saw one yesterday from him, too. About Caitlin Clark? Yeah. Was that AI? It was an AI photo, yes, that he tweeted out. Yeah. Oh, no. I don't follow AP at the moment. It'll get there, Algo. I mean, they're calling it a generational run. It's certainly wide open. It is wide open in there. You're talking about things happening that we didn't expect, though. You know, like good morning football just getting moved to the West Coast is a big deal. D-Bud has a nice sentimental question. Yeah, I know so many moments, so many segments. Is there a favorite of yours, Shregs, that stands out from the NYC era? And do you have any breaking news as far as what's next with good morning football to the other coast well the show is going to be uh back in july for training camps and uh i think we'll be having a big presence on every nfl training camp as we have all these reporters are going to be out there and i'll be in uh hopefully la for the start of this thing but we're going to see if it's going to be a remote deal or hybrid or whatever. But as of right now, I can't tell you much more on the plans as we're still figuring it all out. But I hope we can show up. Every facility, every morning. You know it. We know that. We hope everyone knows that. It's in the buildings. I can't watch it. Yeah, it's in the buildings. The NFL puts it in the buildings. So we are good to watch. But it really means a lot when I hear that you guys are watching too, which is cool. But as far as a favorite moment, I just have always gotten along with my co-hosts. That's what I miss most in the current rendition of it with McCourty and Kyle and Jamie and then with Kay and Nate before that. Will Silva was our news guy. You would Kyle and Jamie and then with Kay and Nate before that. And Will Selva was our news guy. But Darius, like you would come in like we had so many friends, just people that would pop in and be on the show. And like, it's just I miss that camaraderie. And when New York was a cool spot, people would come visit and then be able to drop in and so many celebrity guests and stuff. So I miss that stuff. I specifically, you know, have a million memories. But for now, the train keeps on moving. The NFL just keeps on rolling. As we see our hysteria over the schedule release, no one's crying about good morning football moving to L.A. No, no. Hey, we're bummed out. We saw it back on this morning. We thought that was great. We enjoyed it. Kyle Brandt, good haircut. He did. He looks good. Kaylee Hartung. Wall Street. Wall Street. Wall Street. Yeah, Wall Street. That's my favorite. Me and Kyle, we get a little silly. That was when we knew that the NFL network bosses are out in L.A. They weren't up early enough to tell us not to do it, so we'd get away with a little talk on Wall Street, and then we'd have to say, okay, give it a month, and then come back with the Wall Streeters and go absolutely bonkers again, and it became a crowd favorite. So we again and it became a crowd favorite so we like that one uh i i do want to just hit on something from yesterday's show real quick if i can have one minute brian windhorse came out on your show and talked about the steak and shake being closed down i'm going to tell you a story 2019 i was working the combine and we get done with the drills around midnight 1 a.m everyone goes back to the hotel and you know i'm a fat boy at heart and i was still hungry and everything else was closed and I walk across the street from our hotel to the Steak and Shake and I have a burger and a banana milkshake at 1 30 in the morning and I'm sitting there alone in the Steak and Shake one of the more depressing scenes of my life and in walks two silhouettes one a little rounder than the other one with a buzz cut with smiles mile uh you know ear to ear andy reed and steve spagnuolo came strolling in at 1 30 in the morning and the same exact thing they sat with me i actually spilled a milkshake all over andy reed he still busts my balls about it all the time um and then this past year we get done with the drills and i'm like you know what hell yeah all right i'm gonna break the uh i'm gonna go be, I'm going to go get my steak and shake. I walked up there. Close. Yeah. I'm with Wendy. It was, it was, I know you're influential there in that downtown Indianapolis market. What can we do? I don't even know. Is the Dick's Last Resort even there? I think I missed that too. It You got to remember, though, like COVID shut down the city. Okay? Then there was riots in the city that like almost burned the city. Like during COVID, like as a town that is hospitality is the biggest business. Like hosting events and conventions and everything. That is what Indianapolis does. It's called Hoosier Hospitality. It's like a real thing. We host the biggest live sporting event every single year here in the world 300 000 people will come for the indy 500 everything's kind of set to do that so whenever the world shuts down you know like no events are allowed to be had for a long time and there was some very strict rules too in indianapolis as opposed to the rest of indiana so the rest of indiana kind of like obviously not at the beginning but as things opened up like you had malls and plazas and like things you could do downtown indianapolis was still very much like hey we're nothing is a lot of so you're i thought this city was going to be in trouble like legitimately i thought for i thought there was going to be a tough rebound. I thought it was going to be very, very difficult. But I think a lot of things potentially changed during that time. And now it does feel like the city is coming back in a big way. Like conventions are happening. Obviously, sports are happening. Bars are blossoming. And it's like, of course, this city was going to bounce back faster than I expected because that's literally what the city has done forever. But I believe the shutdown is due in part of some things that were happening when the city was shut down. Some crime. I guess there was some real shit that was happening. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I got a lot of messages from people that were like, hey, that wasn't a place like you're just hanging outside there for a few years. Yeah. Okay. Entire thing. But the city's back. So with that... Keep it open! Boom. Exactly. We need milkshakes spilled on Andy Reid. That's right. That's it. Don't we all? The biggest sign that the city's back, we will know. We will know exactly when it is. Exactly. That's when that opens up. Alright, Shrinks. We appreciate the hell out of you, buddy. Have a great one. When are you guys back on TV? July. So I'll hopefully come on your show and do some other stuff. I'm going to be around. Training camp. 15 weeks. Training camps, bro. I'm going to do my best to be as... Today we went off? Today we went off. The schedule released. Dima, the NFL schedule release is the last thing until training. It is. Truly. We are fucked! How many days we got? You got the NBA playoffs, bro. You're good. I love that. It's coming. NHL is buzzing, Shregs. We're enjoying the hell out of it. And baseball. It's every night right now. Hey, did you get invited to that Michael Rubin white party? No, that's conversation now. Hey, did you get invited to that Michael Rubin white party? Me? No, that's conversation now, yeah. Did he? Did he or did he? Did he or did you? Did you? All the influencers are invited. Maybe he did, maybe he didn't. Did he? I don't know. Did he? Rodgers said he'd been to some weird parties, but not a Diddy party. Rodgers said he'd been to some weird parties, but not a ditty party. Who said that? Aaron Rodgers on Tucker Carlson. He's on there for two hours, I heard. Rodgers is also locked in because he hasn't jerked his gergen in 15 years. Doesn't watch porn, I heard that. Don't worry. Don't you even worry. All right, Shrags, we appreciate the hell out of you, buddy. Ladies and gentlemen, Peter Schrager, Emmy Award winner. Love you. Yeah, you too, dude. Two hours in that kitchen. I haven't heard it all. I've only seen a couple clips. I'm going to have to listen to it all. You saw that one. You're in it, actually. I'm in it. Doing what? I think you mentioned it. He mentioned your porn addiction. Yeah. That's the he said. In D.C.? Uh-huh. That's crazy. I wonder how Tucker handled that. I saw they were sitting at Tucker's dining room table, I do believe, with an antler chandelier right above it. Mm-hmm. Sick. That cabin looks sweet. I saw the beginning of it. The beginning clip of it uh the beginning clip of it i didn't know two hours on x a long time long that's a long time it's a good watch okay i'm sorry i've already done numbers i would assume yeah uh the first one tucker did did 80 some million or something like that in the first like two days yeah it was uh it was it was rather insane i think elon's a big supporter of uh yeah as many interviews as possible whatever you could do for for sure. But I saw Tucker said he wanted to do the interview at his dining room table because he was sick of being in the studio. And Aaron, who had been there for 24 hours, I think he had dinner there, he was like, the studio's right there. Aaron pointed at it. He goes, I feel like I've been in the studio my whole life. Then he read a question. I'm like, I bet those people that do that style, they do spend so much. The buzz of just the buzzing sound of cameras, the lighting. Oh, yeah. They probably feel like they've spent a lot of time in those rooms. Him moving 10 feet, seemingly. Oh, so much better. Changed his life. All right, joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, I'm excited to hear what comes from those conversations. A lot of football guys giving speeches. A lot of stuff happening. There's a tour lot, AJ. I mean, that was number two trend. Number two trend, number three trend. And then Kaitlin Clark was getting screwed over by the ref. Isaac. I don't like that. Isaac Barnett is his name. Oh, okay. Not Isaac Bennett. Well, it don't matter because we won't see him reffing a game. Relation to... Speaking of Barnetts, joining us now is a member of the Tour Junkies, a junkyard dog podcast that talks about gambling on golf. And, of course, we have the majors starting tomorrow here on ESPN, the PGA Championship. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, DB. Yeah the PGA Championship. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, DB. Yeah, DB! How we doing, boys? Thanks for having me. Good to see you again, Pat, AJ, my Hammer Dan guys, and I guess maybe Evan Fox, who gave me that fucking name. Okay. All right. Junkyard Dog, DB, already getting censored by Dick Good about seven seconds into his return. Oh, I just heard you say it. I'm sorry. My bad, my bad. Oh, yeah, we're the same people on this show. You and me. Okay, let's, you can do whatever you want to do. I don't care. I legitimately do. This is Dick Good. Dick Good on the other end who has a team of censorers. Yeah. They're the best in the world, I've heard. Amen. I've heard they're the best in the world. So you let it fly, brother. Whatever makes you comfortable, because we need you to give us knowledge. Obviously, you study the game. You're a part of the game. You cover the game. And right now, it feels like we've got guys that are playing very good golf at the top, which means our leaderboard for the entire PGA Championship weekend should be phenomenal. I want to ask you about the number two odds there, Rory McIlroy. So we know in 2014, this man has a massive public breakup. He would then go on to win the PGA Championship at Valhalla and then also become best golfer in the world by a wide margin. That was when the Rory McIlroy is going to be the next one conversation really went. Now here we sit, 10 years later, 2024, massively public breakup, the same week as the PGA Championship. We should expect him to win again at Valhalla, the PGA Championship, and up his game to be the number one guy over Scottie, or how should we be viewing this? Well, I've been a guy who has not been a Rory buyer in majors probably since Valhalla. I've saved a lot of units for myself and hopefully others out there at home. Last week, I said this on our show. I said, I can see Rory winning Wells Fargo. I still don't see it happening at Valhalla, but boys, I know this is going to come as a shock. I think I even heard Gump talking about this yesterday on Hammer Don, that he didn't think this would come out of my mouth. But I think Rory McIlroy is 100% live to win Valhalla this week and get it going and get it off his back. He was dominant at Wells Fargo. Now Xander Shoffley makes a habit of laying down and being a house cat in front of everybody when everybody starts playing good around him. But to win by five, to win by five, doubling the last hole, cruising past Xander, as dominant as he did, and Quail Hollow is a golf course that's very similar to this. Valhalla is going to play a little soft. There's rain coming. They've got these new Zoysia fairways, which if you've never played on Zoysia, it's beautiful, Pat. The ball sits up on a teat. Everything plays to Rory's hand here. So, to me, Rory is the play up top at 7-1, and I'm actually buying for the first time in a major in God knows how long. That's great to hear, obviously, you echoing the same sentiment as us. We'll be back tomorrow on ESPN. No, we won't. We sentiment as us. We'll be back tomorrow on ESPN. No, we won't. We'll see you Monday, actually. Goodbye! Alright. Yeah, I forgot we're off next today. It's because of the PGA Championship. Because of Zoysia. What was the grass? Zoysia. Y'all don't have Zoysia there in the Par 3 hole? No, I think we got Kentucky bluegrass out here. I bet AJ's got delusional at his house probably. No doubt. No. We do not. Kentucky bluegrass with some fescue, some rye. A couple rye. Some rye. Rye to mix in. Some rosemary out here. There we go. I know Pac-Man probably doesn't have any delusional. He's on a course. Yeah, it's a different kind of green where I'm at. Hey, the course you live on, though, looks very nice. Oh, it is nice. Yeah, very, very nice. All right, let's get back to the PGA Championship here, DB. So we like Rory a lot. Now, there's a couple others that we would like to see play golf for like the first or second time this year because they play for another tour. Towns got a question for you. Yeah, Rombo does play for Liv, but he's still talking as if he is a PGA Tour member or he's saying he feels like he's a PGA Tour member and that's ruffled some feathers. And I don't know where Rom's head is at. How do you feel about Rom going into this? Because it feels like he's not happy on the live. It just feels like he's not the right, he's not the same guy. He's not. He's sad. He's sad all the time. He's sad doing interviews. He's wishing he was still on the PGA Tour. I think there's probably something to that, their tone. I think he's probably in that Brooks camp where he's glad he got the bag. He's doing his thing. But if he went, everybody's like, oh, Rahm hasn't won on live yet. He should be winning on live. I think he's top ten to every event. I think if we see Rahm and Brooks, who are just killers and they're major champion killers, I think if we see them win on live, they probably did it on accident. They played, and they looked around, and nobody caught them, but they show up at majors, and they're ready to kill and eat. I actually really like rom this week at 18 18 to 1 for john rom in this field and and this place is going to suit him well too i mean there's so many good players up top coming into top form right here that all fit valhalla perfectly um so i'm i'm in on rom like my card is probably going to go rory then rom then one more one more guy right there also on live named Bryson DeChambeau. This place sets up nicely for him. Oh, DeChambeau. Is he still the long ball hitter that we obviously learned? Yeah, I mean, he's shed some LBs. He looks great, actually. I mean, he looks fit as he could be. But, yeah, he still absolutely flushes it off the tee. This place is going to be perfect for him. And with the soft conditions, what you're going to get is around the green play is not going to matter as much. See, I tried to tell the Hammer Don gang this at Masters because they were the ones that sold me on Bryson winning the Masters. Bryson can't win the Masters until he learns how to freaking chip. So out here, when you have this soft grass, these guys are going to be peppering the greens, peppering. And when the greens are soft, they're not going to be bouncing. You're going to have less around the green issues. That's better for Bryson. So Valhalla sets up perfect for him too. And I think right now is he like, he's still 25-1 on ESPN. Okay. 25-1, maybe a little bit of a sneaky. Yeah,, perhaps. On the D-Sham. Bro, I would like to see him win. You know? Sure. Just because he is one of one. I would like to see him have a good day, set himself up for contention, then a not-so-great day, and then the clips coming from the driving range of him trying to figure out the fuck. In the dark. He And then the clips coming from the driving range of him trying to figure out the fuck. In the dark. In the dark. He's got the super duper clubs that he paid an extra. $10,000. 3D printed. 3D printed. Yep. A little bump in them. Is he using the John Hamm hammer? Is that the? Oh, God. The hammer? Is that what he? You know about that? Do I know? That Max Ham? John Ham? John Hamaconda? No, I'm not talking about the actor's penis. I'm talking about that driver. The Ham. Jack Ham? John Ham? Jack Ham. John Ham's wiener. No, I'm not. I'm not talking about Thor's hammer. He's famous for his meat, though. That's what you're saying. No, I'm not talking about his meat. I'm talking about a driver. Different ham. Listen, when you say John Hammond driver, we're going to think you're talking about someone else. Come on now. I understand. Tripod John Hamm is not the topic of conversation right now. Okay. What I am talking about is this guy who created a driver. Jack Hamm. There it is. Jack the Hammer Hamm. Yes. There Yes. It's confusing. I've gotten, it's not that confusing. The hammer on Jon Hamm is a human body piece. That hammer that Jack Hamm is selling is this driver that has the biggest sweet spot in all of drivers, has more ass than you could imagine, and somehow hits a ball. I forget the percentage I've got. No, I guess not. I've got no less than 15 emails from the Hammer. John Hamm. And you haven't responded? It's not John Hamm. It's Jack Hamm. It's the Hammer. I cannot believe that we're talking about the Hammer on this. Does it work? Can I hit the fucking thing? I haven't followed up enough. Will that make me a better golfer? I don't know, Pat. I don't know. I mean, but in my preparation for coming on your fine show, I did not have to think about, like, my brain recalling the Jack Hamm commercial in the Hammer. You remember the commercial where he's, like, hitting it over? Boom! Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or we could be talking about Greg Norman. We're talking about another hammer. The shark. Right? Norman's got a hog on him. That's a golf comment. The shark's got a log on him. All right. There you go. We don't know this. We're talking drivers. We don't. We are talking sports. No, AJ was talking about not a driver. No, yeah. No, yeah, we're fine with that. Speaking of Tiger Woods. All right, so we're back to golf. All right, back to golf. Scotty Shuffler. Did you just say that, kid? Yep. Also Hammer. So we're lied to. Excuse me. We don't need to check on everybody. Working Hammer. Clearly. Certainly. Had a baby. Had a baby. Congratulations. Hey, baby, Scotty. I think I was wrongfully informed about how close we were to a potential baby on Masters weekend, but I will not hold that against the Masters coverage because I had a great weekend. And it was a blast watching him do it. He has had the baby now. Rory's become dominant. He hasn't been able to play. What do we – we still think Scottie's in the tournament. Scottie's going to go at least top three. That's how this is always going to be for how long? Yeah. Yeah, I mean, Scottie's still definitely the one to beat. He still is. You know, I mean, you know how it is. You guys, you've got a lot of young dads walking around the Pat McAfee studios over there. What are you doing the first week? You're doing nothing. Your life hasn't really changed. He even said yesterday, I think, that he's played golf with his boys. Nothing. And he keeps it competitive on the course when he's playing at home. Doing nothing. I think Scotty's fine. Scotty's fine. Doing nothing. What are we doing? Do you have any kids? I have three kids. First What were we doing? Do you have any kids? I have three kids. First week, you did nothing? You did nothing? First week, I pretty much, yeah, you can't breastfeed the thing. Like, you can do nothing. You can't be awake for 20 hours. It's a baby. It's a human. It's a human. Connor, stop it. It's a baby. Don't tell me. Don't tell me. Don't tell me. I know. I know. Don't educate me on baby lingo, Connor. Well, I mean, in my eyes, those first three weeks are like human butts. Exhausted. You're not sleeping at all. Obviously, you're trying to be – you're exposed. But if you're Scotty Scheffler and you're, like, preparing for another major and you're preparing to go on this amazing run, he's got this sweet little holy wife in Meredith who just feels like she's just a gift from above. They're going to have... He won $18 million on the freaking golf course in 2024. It's not like they don't have help. I think Scotty's fine. He wants to raise his own kid, no problem. You would think, yeah. For any future fathers out there that are listening currently, and I know Junkyard Dog here, DB, has a different view. Those first three weeks are very – those are – no, not everybody obviously is able to do it because of work and being around and everything like that. But those first couple weeks I feel like are pretty – Skid to skid. That's where you're like getting – that's where you're alerted to what your new life is. Yeah. That is like the baptism of like hey well this is yeah four thirty everything this this fucking human needs is coming from you or you that is how this is going to go and then it's like every two hours and what about you guys who had kids during season yeah how'd you do that were you expected to participate as much? No, I haven't. 6 a.m., play the game, go back home, and went right back to work. Scotty Sheffer will be able to. Scotty Sheffer's going to be able. Is golf all year round? I'm surprised they didn't. Not that you would be able to play. Not for Scotty. Yeah. He's going to win this thing, huh? Scotty's a chance because he's getting a full night's I mean, what does he want, four out of five or whatever it is? He's been, what, top three every time too? So good at golf. And he had – I'm going Brooks. What's that? I'm going Brooks. He just had his first win on accident, according to DB out there, and I think Singapore. And his first win is a dad. I'm going Brooks. Look at – He's a live guy. Look at DB. Look my allegiance to live i know you mentioned brooks and john any other guy i know you talked about guys peppering greens as well that gives me a little um thing about cam smith now if he gets on that green putting who um who else who's your best bet coming out live outside those top two guys you mentioned well let me give you a live bomb okay like gumpy always good lord listen okay um a guy who won on live He won it 30-1 On live in Miami On a golf course where you gotta hit the ball Long and straight off the tee You gotta hit a bunch of mid and long irons Which is what you're gonna have to do here at Valhalla The South African Mean Dean Burmester Is an absolute unit He crushes it off the tee Mean Dean Let me tell you something Mean Dean. Mean Dean. You can bet him outright. Let me tell you something, Mean Dean. Mean Dean. Not Mean Gene. Mean Dean. He is a top 20. Even a top 20 on ESPN is plus 330 for Dean. But, I mean, outright he's in that 90 to 1 range, I think. I hope he doesn't fucking win. Why? You don't like Mean Dean? I don't want to see fucking Mean Dean Burmeister win the PGA. Why? Why? What do you got against him? Fucking Mean Dean, dude. Good story. Ty's got one guy he wants to see win. Wrong. DB, last year around this time, everyone was kissing Blocky's ass because he went out and shoved his head up his ass and played great and then said, hey, if I could hit the ball farther, I'd be better than Rory. And then now this sandbag and son of a bitch is saying, hey, I actually, my course prep, I went out and played Valhalla and I set the course record. Block is, we like Block. I like Block. I don't like Block at all. I'm sick and fucking tired of Blocky. All right? Hopefully him and the mean Dean Burmeister get paired together and they put those fuckers on the CW or something. DB, is there any chance that we're going to have the same type of run from Blocky this year or is what we're all expecting to happen and this son of a bitch is going to shoot an 86 on Thursday and a 95 on Friday and he's going to miss the cut by 38 shots. What's more likely? Well, Ty, I am a little... I can't agree with your Dean hatred. I could give two shits about Mean Dean, to be honest. What? Mean Dean? If he wins, that'd be awesome, because then we'll be able to... Let me tell you something, baby. So loud. Yeah, exactly. But I am totally in your camp with Michael Block. I freaking cannot stand the dude. What? What? Tell him, dude. We like Block. How? I like Blocky. I've met Blocky. Blocky is a nuclear weapon. Okay. I got nothing against Blocky the man. Yes, same. Same. Blocky the golfer. I think you do. Go back to your fucking local Muni and keep giving those $150 lessons and let the real big boys slug it out for the Wanamaker. No. Come on, dude. I love Blocky. Blocky was a good story. He might win this year. Blocky. Blocky was a good story. He might win this year. DB's probably jealous because Blocky's a better golfer. Yeah, DB wants to be Blocky. You don't have the hands of Blocky? You don't got Blocky's hands? So you got a hate on this man? I mean, if Blocky had my... If Blocky had... Well, absolutely. He doesn't need anything from me. He's way better than me. That is for damn sure. But But actually I do have a major coming up this weekend I'm member members this weekend So that's a big deal for me During the PGA Championship? What type of club is that? No, just in my home club It's a big deal though I know you guys play in terms of But the same weekend as the PGA Championship Same weekend That's full of them Scheduling weddings in the fall On a Saturday Or on a Sunday. That's what just happened here. You better win that thing. Nobody's going to be there. They're going to be watching one of the majors with all the top dogs at the top. You should win that. Are you and your partner the only ones competing? No, no, no, definitely not. And by the way, down here in Georgia, we would never schedule a wedding in the fall on a Saturday. We would never schedule a wedding in the fall on a Saturday. That would be ridiculous. Yeah, just a member-member during a PGA Championship. Member-member PGA Championship. If you don't win, just fill out a card and say you had a course record anyway. Whoa! That is not what Bucky did! That is not what Bucky did! You've been sitting on that thing for six months? Anyways, go ahead. Also, he probably played Valhalla when it was baked out and dry, and that is going to play way different. He said last year how he didn't hit it very far, and this is going to be even worse. Blocky is going to be hitting driver hybrid or nine wood or whatever into par fours. This is going to be a huge golf course for Blocky. So very long. Valhalla is very long, which is why the bro is going to do well. Rory could do well because he smokes the ball. That's why I think he had a 358 yard drive last week. We're looking for long ball hitters. And with the soft green, anybody can get on. And that's in a PGA. Yeah, I mean, they're going to hit a lot of mid to long irons, and the higher you can hit them, the better. A lot of eight to four irons in the bag, not a lot of wedge contests here. This is not a lot of short irons, a lot of eight to four irons. And again, the higher swing speed guys tend to hit those balls higher. And if you're hitting it higher, you're landing it, you can throw darts. I think Sahid Taghala said it today. He told somebody today that there's going to be a lot of guys going at flags because these greens are soft from like 200 yards which is not usually the case if you get a firm fast major so while we have a lot of big names peaking and it's exciting this is probably not going to be the course like conditions that we all like to see like we like to see it play firm and fast and have some bite i bet the winning score is like 12 under 13 under okay. Okay, so I like whenever we're flag hunting. Personally, because that's the bad decisions I make when I'm on a goal court. Might be back in on Blocky, too, because he says he's the best iron player in the world. Well, he's not going to use an hybrid. He's not even going to hit the iron. He's going to be hitting his nine wood. Yeah. All right. Hey, that was a good one. We appreciate the hell out of you making time and making us smarter here. Tour Junkies podcast is a phenomenal one. It truly is. There are junkyard dogs over there, aren't there? Just like Brom Breaker, baby. I cannot wait to bark for him, just like we'll bark for you. And I appreciate you. Bet the number, pal. All right, ladies and gentlemen, you guys all right let's get to a break that was a good conversation blocky too much you stirred it that was leading journalism what you did to him you're putting chips on his shoulder ty you're giving him motivation blocky might win now after he sees the compilation of all of ty talking about it. All right. Yeah, Blocky might win. Okay. Using Jack Hamm. Jack Hamm's hammer. Yeah. I've never seen that close. Jack Hamm hammer. Yeah. They have, like, it's, like, bright red. Boom! Like, there's a lot of that. Like, email even has that around there. A lot of pizzazz in the evening how'd they get your email you i don't know did you inquire did you inquire about the hammer legitimately i do not know every once in a while boom there it is like the unduffable you just saw it and needed it yeah so this is not the unduffable because i um is that d chambray with the hammer it's like Bryson, yeah. He's hitting the hammer there? Probably at 500. Just not allowed to use it on tour, I'm guessing. What do they say about it? It's all hell. I think you can't. Yeah, I know. What's that rule? What's the rule there? Could you imagine AJ with this fucking hammer? Oh, God. Actually, he would Sweet. Get AJ going with that hammer and then that putter he's got. And then it's all of a sudden he's fucking winning. Yeah. It's American century. Somebody's got to win, right? That is what you say every single hole. Every year. Somebody's going to win it. Somebody's going to. Why not? Probably somebody that golfs every fucking day of their life somehow. Yep. No thanks. We're all striving to get to that point, aren't we? Yes. And when we do? Nope. Not me. Yeah, no thanks. To golf every single day. Do something else. Find a different hobby. Like four or five days a week. Yeah, maybe three. Play video games. You're saying when you're 80 years old, you don't option to golf every day, I guess. There you go. Yeah. There it is. The option to golf every day. Yeah. Everybody loves options. There's a lot of options coming on the other side of this break. We're buying Taka car live on this show. Hell yeah. Oh. I don't know how many times this has happened, but we will be live streaming the Mecham Auto Auction, which is currently happening. Boom is currently happening. Boom. That's on the lot right now. W138, a Plymouth Barracuda coupe. $35,000. That's currently up for auction. We're going to take a break. When we come back, Toc does not have a car. We'll be gifting him a car, hopefully, via Mecham Auto Auction on the other side. Live. We'll make group decisions on how high we will go on some of these. There's a wood grain fucking jeep wagon here coming right down the pipe here. That's the one. Something to think about. There is a 1971 What was it? The Willys. That was like a 42 I think. Yeah, 41. There's some cars coming up here that we're going to try to get talked, try to enjoy the hell out of this, and then we'll go into a four-day weekend because we're a bunch of lazy bumps and watch the PGA Championship. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice that might change their life. We've got a car celebration coming on the other side. Take this. Five! Bye. Gentlemen, congratulations. Thank you so much for taking the time where you're contractually obligated to. So I appreciate you guys being here. I want to be here. I just want you to know. Come on. I have watched you do your thing, man. Nothing but respect and praise for you. Will you touch this? Me too, man. Way to go, Tom. Number two overall, man. Let's go, go! What you doing, Stu? Boys, you're going to the national championship again, Ty Schmidt. Unbelievable. Should we be here? No! Probably not. No way. I kicked a ball to myself on that. Oh, yeah. Right now, I kicked a ball to myself. That's right. Should have told CJ. Maybe the most athletic thing I've ever done in my entire being. Whoa, CJ. Yeah, happy to see you. Completely ruined. Everybody's happy to see you. You really ruined the lot of us. I picked him to win. I'm alright. Congratulations on winning the AFC South as a rookie quarterback. It's a big deal. First time ever as a rookie. You okay? That's a big deal, CJ. Dude, you're absurd, bro. Thank you. For how young you are? Playing in Indianapolis, that was probably the loudest stadium I played in in the NFL. That was like a college atmosphere. How about that? That's a lot. That's a lot. Pete, you got two knees, two ankles? Two knees, two ankles, and some big boy pants that slide up around. Move along, move along, like I know you do. Move along. That guy's penis gone. That guy had a lot of courage. Of course. It's ice cold in there. It's ice cold. It guy had a lot of courage. Of course. It's ice cold in there. It's ice cold. It's a first documented button dick. Game day set. That's what's being said. I didn't come up with that. That's what's being said. It was our show, three hours, 15 minutes. Then it was a two-hour gap. Then it was game day. Straight into national championship field pass. Three hours, 15 minutes, then it was a two-hour gap, then it was game day, straight into the National Championship Field Pass. For two schools that are going to be talking about this day for the rest of their lives, both of these teams being chastised from all different angles. Washington, there's no way this team from the Pac-12 in their last year with Kalen DeBoer as the head coach can continue to win They're going to stumble somewhere They didn't Then you think about Michigan Two separate suspensions for their head coach And all they've done is stay the course And tonight Banners Rings Reunion conversations forever on the line What an honor it is to be here Look at Bell Buckle Like it was past Bell Buckle Like with some light ranching He comes out of his cuts, he sees people, he shakes them, and he doesn't look anywhere near as small as you would think. He's powerful. I love Blake. A lot of NFL GMs are saying, wait a second, is Michael Penix maybe one of the top three guys to go to the NFL? Because what he does with the football is stupendous. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the national championship game for the 2023 college football season. That'll see the Washington Huskies representing the Pac-12 in its final year, taking on that team led by that man, the Michigan Wolverines in Jim Horvath. We're bouncing. We are house calling. Donovan Edwards, touchdown in the National Championship. Extra point is up and good. D-Bot? D-Bot with the one-hand grab. National Championship. D-Bot. On man. What's the decibels over there? The decibels are high right now. Let me tell you, it's 106.4. This might be the line-up. Good decibel meter. We have actual gimmicks. You know, depending upon tonight, does JJ go to the NFL? Which, Mel Kiper has him as the fifth-rated quarterback in the draft. What does that mean, Mel? Well, it all means that he's got the physical and tangible tools it has had to be a first-round quarterback this show sticks in the fact that you listen we are very very thankful for it This show sticks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Be a friend to other friends, something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this, we're about to buy a car Wednesday, May 15, 2024. Hour 3 of the program starts now. Sports! Or normally, what we chat about, but right now, we are in a place and time that we need to be. That's A.J. Hawk. The Talks at Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. One half of the hammer. Cowboys turn digs is here. 12-year NFL vet Pac-Man Jones is here. A 9-year NFL vet Darius J. Butler is here. And we are currently streaming live into the Motor Trend TV and mock stream of Mecham Auto Auction that is taking place. Trying to buy something for our friend Talk, who does not have a car in Indianapolis. On the phone, I have a man named Zach. Zach, how are you doing, pal? He is live at Mecham's taking calls for bidders from afar. Zach, how's it going, pal? It's going great, guys. How's it going on your end? Well, this fucking wood grain is something we're thinking about. Right now it's sitting at $19,000, I see on the screen. Is that accurate, Zach? Yeah, that is accurate. $20,000 to get in if you want to get in. What is the engine on this thing, Zach? That is a 360 cubic inch V8 motor automatic transmission. Now it's at 20, asking 21. How many miles on that thing? We'll take 21. We just missed it. It's got to be 22. It's got 94,000 miles. It's got to be 22. Oh, 22. We definitely won the word great. It's clean. 22. You're in. Here we go. You're in at 22. You're holding at 22. They went 24 on the floor. Zach, got 24 to you guys. Sorry. 25 pounds and out of bed. Here down 5. Negative at 25. 25. 25 pounds. Here down, 25, 27. 27 pounds on his chest. Oh, Zach, it's moving. It's moving. It's moving. It's moving. It's beautiful. Now it's 27. Talk. Can we get a shot on talk right now and see what talk is thinking in the stars? Talk. Talk. Talk. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. What do we need, Jack? What do you need? 27. What is the 27,000? Oh, my God. Yes, sir. You guys are in at 27. Turn the audio up. 27. 28. 28 pounds and under. Hold that. 28 pounds and under. Give it a go. 27. 28. Last call. 8. 28. Last call. 8. 28. 29. 29 pounds and out of bed. 28. 29. 28. 29. You're dying. Now 30. 30? What the fuck happened? Good car. 30? Can't do it. No, Zach. I ain't no puppet. What's next? Oh, man. Boom. Okay, here we go. Hey, here we go. Hey, where did the game go, Zach? Oh, shit. It's the 1998 BMW. They hammered it at 29. We missed her. No, no, Zach. There's more. We're on the website. Let's go to the next one. Let's go to the next one. Let's go to the next one. What is the next one? It is 1969 Ford F-250. Is that right? Negative. We got a Willys Swoopster convertible. Oh, this is the one. What's the number? They were too far down. What number is that? W-what? That's 142. Oh, there's, yeah. Okay, where are we at on this one, Zach? Oh, yes. On this Willie's, we're at 33 asking 35. That's a nice car. Look, I mean... Let's hear the attention. Let's hear how active these... 35, 40. 40 pounds, that's it. 35 to bed, 40 pounds. This thing would die in Indianapolis. Yeah, talk would die. I was going to say, this guy's wrapping it around the telephone pole. Zach, this is not the right car for us. No, no, no. Okay, thank you, Zach. Yeah, thanks. Zach agrees. Zach agrees. What's coming? I drive back and forth to the venue every day. I know it. Yeah, so, okay. Let's get back to that website. Let's Boys, we're in there. Hey, we're in. Oh, my God. An 02 Cadillac Escalade? Yeah, I mean, you're talking about that. Those were awesome. I agree. That was back whenever I fell in love. Worst car I ever got, though. Yeah, they were good. Don't worry about that. Talks on rude. Yeah. The 1970 Chevelle convertible that's coming up here next? Boy. Yeah. That's almost too cold. Go for a bunch. The 57 Bel Air or the 65 Suburban. I'm thinking about the 65. The 57 Bel Air is going to be really hot. The 65 Suburban, though. Okay. All right. Hey, the next one we're going to be in on, Zach, is probably the 65 Suburban, which is W144.1, I think. That's it. I like it. I like it. I like it. Okay, what do we... Can you give a guesstimation on what that is going to, like, starting bid will be for that, Zach? Do you know that type of shit or no? I would probably say it's probably going to start somewhere in the high teens, low 20s. Okay, okay, all right, all right. Let's get back to the auction. Let's hear what they're doing over on Motor Trend. 80 pounds that great looking Chevelle. 75, 80. Why are some pushing, some driving? I think they all have the engine on at some point. That's a good question, actually. Hey, Zach, how come some of these are being pushed and some of them are actually driven? Yeah, great question. So actually what we do is we drive them up to the center of the block. So that Bel Air just drove up to the center. And then what we do is we actually push them off the block just to kind of keep the fumes down as much as possible. And then they'll actually drive off the block. Yeah, because you need to hear the purr. You need to hear that. Like whenever that Fire Flames truck came in, we heard the... Wait a second now. It's not just looking amazing. You should hear this son of a bitch. That's a big part of the sale. sell indeed indeed all right all right so aj what's do we want to get in early or we want to get in late what do we we're broadcasting yeah let them know you're serious i think you didn't okay you think you can't go with the first offer when they do that first offer they're trying to catch people pretty much right and then they're going to go down we can't be those people we have to be the people that like after it settles i think we get in the mix early, though. I think we jump a couple thousand. I think we try to play. Yeah, boom, we'll do that. Yeah, we try to get the little fish out. Scare the casuals out. It's Bel Air. It's not that. Whoa. We'll get in there early when it starts on the bottom swing. Yep. Yep. Bingo. If you heard us, we were strategizing over here. You can't hear everybody because I have headphones in and you're on phone. But we think we want to immediately alpha the off. Whenever somebody goes, now if this starts at like 50,000, we don't want to do this. But if we were in the teens of this entire thing, whatever number it gets to, let's say it's 15,000, somebody else goes, we want 17,500. And then if they come in yeah if they come in 18 we want 20. you know what i mean yeah okay let's make sure we say we're the authority too zach let's make sure they know zach we need you to go let's go Turn oh, it's amazing. I'm gonna not a bad 20 bad 30 bad down negative 30 40 40 That thing's cool though, we do 40 no shit! We do $40 and $1. Zach, it's currently at $40. It is at $40 asking $45, correct. Can I get an inside shot? Can my baby fit in the backseat? You know what I mean? Can we put a... Oh, yeah. Is this automatic or stick? Automatic. It is automatic. Now they're at $45 asking $50. $ asking $50. $46. Is talk covering half of this? No, I'm thinking about buying this one for myself here. Can they open the door one last time? $55. $55 asking $60. That's too much. That's too much. I'll get something else. You're going to be that person, won't you? Yeah, you're right. That was my time. I can at least smell the gas. On On the website, me and Ty saw. We might have missed it. There is a 2002 BMW that was used in the Fast and Furious movies. When? Coming up? It's coming up. Vin Diesel may have been sitting in that car. Let's go back to the website. Let's go back to the website. It's orange. I think it's orange and it's blacked out. We are currently doing a Manning cast of this fucking thing, by the way. Look at the Volkswagen. So I owned one of those Volkswagen vans. I actually called it the cash wagon. I did a full giveaway of money. Bring it back. Driving that thing around town. Impossible to drive. Impossible. Not for talk. Not for talk. Oh, my God. Talk would be so fucked. It was, the one I had was stick, but the clutch had no catch point. See and talk, drive that on the highway every day to work. There was no suspensions in that fucking thing. I mean, we were riding, and there's obviously no power steering. Zach, where are we at right now? What number are we on? We're on 145. It's this O2 Camaro. Ooh. Oh, yeah. We're asking. It's too nice. Talk. Sorry, Buzz. It's down two more rows,ete, on the right side. O2 Escalade coming up. O2 Escalade we might be dancing with. Can we go up to the O2 Escalade? I like the Blazer, too. I like the Rockstar bus. The tour bus. No reserve. Let's check out that Cadillac, though. It's coming up, I think. Is the Cadillac coming up now? It's coming up right now. Can we go to the, can we go, can we, how many miles? We need to see the miles. 16,000 original miles. What? Go to the website. Can we go to the website, please? So I can click on the photos of this thing. This might be the gift for the wife. Wow. Those seats are so comfortable in those Escalades. I mean, talk in this thing for $22,000. That would be incredible. How about $21,000? Yeah, we'll go $21,000 for that thing for sure. $21,000. All right, he's got you in at $21,000. Should we get a... $21,000. $21,000. $21,000. $21,000. $21,000. $21,000. $21,000. 22 pound out here down point a bit down negative 22 down down negative talk i don't know if you're getting this or the opposite 22 pounds here down 21 or down two talk daniel all right 22 down down one two last call 22. so yeah Come on, you got this one! Come on, let's go! Go ahead! Hey, come on out here, Tuck, please. Ladies, congratulations, man. Wow. Proud owner. You will. He's got 2002 Escalade, dude. Congratulations, happy for you, boy. No, thanks, man. Thank you. All right, it 2002 Escalade, dude. Congratulations. Happy for you, bud. No, thanks. Thanks for coming through. All right. It certainly is. Let me talk. Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm impressed, huh? Oh, hell yeah. That was a good deal. Yeah. 21,000 bucks. Telling me. Hey, Zach, way to go. Hey, Zach with some pizzazz to let him know that we're serious in the room. Absolutely. Pops, to you guys, the old coach talk, team effort, guys. Well said. We'll see you tomorrow. We'll pay for this tomorrow. We'll certainly have to come sign all that paperwork and get an insurance. We appreciate you, Zach. You're the man. You guys as well, man. Take it easy. My turn. I want that one. That's clean. Damn. I'm telling you. Hey, that was fun. Yeah. I'm so more jacked up now to go back tomorrow. 21,000 bucks for a 2002 Escalade. Hell yeah. Fucking talk. What's the original mile? 16,000 miles? 16,000. They put a new engine in it? No. New transmission? That's how many miles it got on the front of the day it was made. Yeah, they drove it. Original miles, not doing the motor. So they didn't drive it? They drove it backwards. They drove it for 16 minutes and sat in a lake for like 800 miles. Not your mom. Meekum wouldn't put those cars out there for talk to own. Now, this would have been funny, too. Or not We weren't here for jokes. This would have been cool for talk. This would have been. I mean, this thing dies on the streets of Indianapolis, but yes. That was actually in four brothers. Hey, Z, way to make that work with the Zoom. That a baby, Z. Cross Zoom. That's a bad car. I don't know. What are you talking about? That would have been a great car. $17,000 now happy with what we got. We didn't get to get really, you know, most people that go to these get to see the cars. Sure. They look at them. That thing was clean. You didn't need to see that. Amen. Yeah, certainly I had a good clean job. It was. To the internet. Sold. To the internet. If you put some bullet hole stickers on that thing, it's going to look real nice, right? Oh Oh, yeah. All right. Is this the car? All right. Oh, that looks fucking clean, dude. It looks too good to be true. Well, AJ. That's the thing. That's fucking $21,000 for that? Why wasn't anyone else bidding on this? Nobody got it. Nobody understood. They didn't understand. You're right. They don't get it. That's Tony Soprano's car. Okay, you're all you get Shoes are nice. Let's go. Yeah open that door. It was talk born in 2002. No Those are the most comfortable seats though for real back then right was awesome leather good awesome. Leather in good condition. I like that era. The entertainment. Oh, we got to check it. What was that? I said the hood's open. The hood's open. It's supposed to happen. Yeah, it's because the hood's open. Let's go, Talk. Look at that. No way that was sitting in a lake for three years. I agree. Make him one really small chance. Hey talk that is a sweet. I'm very pumped for you. Yeah, that's all way to go talk Talks like what I do. I just didn't have a car Sweet I'll do it. Does he have a license? He has his license though. Yeah, I don't know I'm gonna marry you. Oh my god. He's terrible. It's fucking a big car. You need a big car if you're not a great draft pick. Yeah, I heard other people. Also, where he lives downtown, that thing is getting its windows smashed in with a baseball bat. No, it's back. Remember? Oh, yeah, you're right. Never mind. Never mind. Okay, let's get out of here. We will see you guys on Monday, all right? Today's show really had it Yeah, a little educational program. Always. Jeez Louise. Tomorrow we're going back, baby. I need Isaac Barnett out of the fucking WNBA. I agree. Today. Come on, Coach. We're on Coach Shots. We're on Coach Shots. On your shots, guys. I hope she coaches another 10, 15 years. I have completely, after what just happened, that's just a perfect. I was going to say, I'm in a great mood now. Yeah, unbelievable mood. How about that? Two cars that we really liked in the first, like, 10, 15 minutes. That's a big deal. On the money. You're going to buy 30 cars tomorrow. How do you not, for real? I know. That was my point. That's why I came here. You're going there in person, too? You're going to hear them revving the engine? Oh, my. I'm excited for you. I already owe him $25,000. I haven't paid off. I just got a tab kind of running. Can you sell the Wrangler? Can you roll the Wrangler in there and sell it? I'm not ready to part ways with that just yet. Sometimes you've got to look at the bad decisions. Just remind yourself. Maybe I should go look at that thing before tomorrow. Yeah, there you go. That's a great idea. You could sell it for double probably. Yeah, here's a nice 61 Corvette convertible. That's our guy, Matt on the mic. Turn that up. Hey, is it mostly internet guys or in person? Both, both, both. Deluxe Samba bus. No expense, fair ground up restoration, force fleet, and a sliding ramp. Wait, let's call Zach back. Oh, boy. Is he saying $115,000? $25,000. $30,000. Nope. I'm hanging up. I'm not buying that. We're not buying that. Let's get out of here. Let's get out of here. It's far. It's far. It's kind of sweet. No, we saw a big goes on. Exact same type of car that was way better, souped up on the inside and everything. Yeah, the big goes on lot means it didn't hit the reserve yet, but it stays out there, and the owner can be reached if you would like to negotiate a price to potentially buy it. Here we go. Here's a nice little look at it. Oh, wow. Good zoom. 319 miles. Yeah, you can't drive the fucking thing but it looks cool you can certainly you can certainly pour it out there that doesn't look like the same one does it no no it's not it's a different one that the other one was much better okay and exhibit what's nice field day with this thing oh my god imagine and turn the entire back out of pop exactly i heard you like playing indoor hoops watch this open the roof what a show the roof. What a show. You're right. What a show. You're right. Yeah. When exhibit would show up at your house. Oh, God. What a fucking dream come true. My batteries aren't ever going to work. Right. Please let Mike be working this weekend. God damn. You like movies, I heard. Watch this. Here's a fucking popcorn maker, a projector, and a screen. You don't even got to set up. Just need a generator. We need to see where are they now. Where are those people? Oh my God, yes. Where are those people? Maybe in Mecham. Let's keep our eyes peeled. Let's keep our eyes peeled for a movie theater Volkswagen coming through. Is that like a two-door Blazer? Chevy Blazer, yeah. Oh, I love those. Hey, it's $25,000. You want to make it $35,000? $35,000 all of a sudden? I'm not really a car guy, but I can see how you get carried away and want to buy a lot of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Flames truck still on my mind. It's still available, from what I've been Are you going tomorrow? I would hope. I would like to. Are you going to be there tomorrow? Yeah, absolutely. That flame truck is coming home. It's going to be really hard. Could you imagine us making eyes on that thing one more time? Is the bid still going on on that? Yeah, oh, yeah. The bid's still going. We need to bring 50 cans of spray paint. Black. Bring a two-by-four and put it on the back, just like Dwayne The Rock Johnson in Walking Tall. The fire flames. Yeah, I don't want that truck if it doesn't have the flames. Oh, no, I'm going black-blue flames. You've got to mix it up. I'm reflaming it. You're spending another $10,000, $15,000. I'm going to have to on the inside. We all saw it. I thought it was pretty clean. Oh, you're going to have to update it. No sound system. You're going to have to get some. A lot of these cars, the entertainment is not. Yeah, you can put a sound system in there. Yeah, put two 12s in the back. A couple boom booms, you know. DVD player in the front. All right, we're just stealing their show. All right, yeah, let's get out of here. Have an incredible weekend, everybody. Thank you so much for allowing us to do this for a living. We do feel lazy that we're off the next two days, but it's like there's so much going on. The PGA Championship is going to be worth. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Same as the Masters. Let's go down there to Valhalla. Not to be confused with Hail Swallow. Is that what he said the other place was? He said somebody's called. Where did the. Wales Hollow. Wales Hollow. There it is. Yeah, DB was like, he's degraded to Smales Wall. He's going down to Valhalla. I'm like, what the fuck? Are those two different courses? I have changed my tune, too. I hope Blocky wins this weekend. All right. Okay. I hope he hears that. Let's go. He's going to shoot 61 tomorrow That'd be awesome Course record, again What was the course record? What did he shoot? 62, I think he said Why'd you say that? He held up his scorecard, 62 And I know Blocky doesn't lie, that's what everyone says It's true 63, my bad, 63 There you go, so 62 tomorrow Man, look at all those birdies That'd be so much fun to do that Wouldn't that be cool to have? Every day for Blocky Welcome to his life That's Blocky Golf What's the record here? He actually has I'll let you know after this round Did Sunday Red hire him? Bring him on? Sunday Red? What's that? What's Sunday Who? Sunday Red. What's that? You're not saying it right. What's Sunday Red? Sunday Red. Oh, there you go. Is that right? Okay, yeah, my bad, yeah. So is Blocky one of, an athlete with them? I think so, yeah. He probably has that tiger on his back. I heard he had a multi-million dollar deal, I heard. I thought he was making it doing this. All of a sudden, we're going another way again. There's only one. I'm not going another way. It's a very positive day, Red Athlete. Blocky's H&R Block. I forgot about that. He did sign up with H&R Block. I'm happy for Blocky. I don't know where you're... It's a little aggressive. Change my tune. We bought a 2002 Escalade for Toc, and now I'm back on Coach Sides. I love her. I hope she gets this thing figured out and I hope Blocky wins. Hell yeah. So much good vibes. Feel good Wednesday all of a sudden. Have an incredible weekend everybody. Darius, have a good one. Safe travels. Pac-Man, safe travels. Boys, whatever you do this weekend, hope we all do well. Don't embarrass the program. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice that might change their life. And during this break, you should stop by Dick's House of Sports. Showcase is the best from top brands in apparel, footwear, and equipment. J.J. Watt is already making himself at home. You should, too. Also, for SeatGeek, listen. When the NFL schedule gets released, okay, they wanted to add a little bit of a reminder. When it gets released, SeatGeek has you covered. Right now, you get $30 off tickets with code MCAFE30. Now, that works for all types of events, but once the schedule is released tonight, holy shit, we can get a gift, we can get to an early game, we can schedule Christmas tickets, maybe Thanksgiving tickets, we can do something. SeatGeek's got your backs. $30 off. McAfee. Some restrictions apply, but it does not matter if you've shopped there before. You'll still get $30 off. And yeah, have the greatest weekend of your life. I genuinely hope that happens. We're all in this thing together. Let's never forget. Even if we hear something that maybe sounds like it's from the year 10-10. Yeah, sure. 10-10. Yeah, sure. You know? Yeah. 10-10. A little antiquated. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye. Thank you.