Thank you. so Thank you. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The so Thank you. so so so The The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk if you are young Please seek permission before watching any further This show sticks in the fact you listen, we are very, very thankful for. Ah! The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Be a friend to other friends, something nice could change their life. We won't die! We won't die! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome We are back! We are back! We're talking about people from one sport potentially playing in another sport that sparks a debate on the internet that thousands and thousands of people will chirp about. Austin Rivers had an incredible performance on this show. He started quite a conversation that certainly made him look like a dum-dum. There's a lot of people taking shots at him, but at least 19 million impressions on this particular tweet. There was others, then obviously Instagram posts, and it felt like everybody the nfl world chimed in no nba players talking though seem to be very one-sided in this entire thing which was shut up austin okay the mental toughness that is required to play in the nfl and to play football is one that obviously austin admitted to not having he said he played for about 10 minutes in eighth grade and that was too much for me it was too hot hot. The coaches were yelling at me. It was too painful. I'm out of here. Seems like every basketball player, you hear the story of them talking about playing football one time. It all goes in a pretty similar fashion. It's a mental thing, not just a physical thing, but I believe that our sport, the NFL, is capable of creating a situation for one of these aliens to potentially score a touchdown. Now, can they handle practice every single day in 18 straight weeks in a training camp and off-season conditioning programs and training and OTAs and everything? Definitely not. But, boy, what a convo last night sparked from Austin Rivers, and we appreciate him for that. He took it on his shins a lot. He did. He got murdered last night on the internet, which is fantastic. The playoffs are happening in two sports, and I'll tell you what. One of them is electrifying. The other one seemingly has a blowout or two at least every other night. The NHL had two overtime games last night, and they were thrillers. 4-3, obviously the Avalanche beat the Dallas Stars down in Dallas' barn. Dallas was up 3-0 early. We thought maybe the rust of not having a game for a while for the Colorado Avalanche was going to kick them right in the tail feather in game one. The Dallas Stars come out of a game seven against Las Vegas. They score three. Bang, bang, bang. How you doing? We're hot. We're in our barn. There's jubilation everywhere. There is electricity throughout the entire Big D. But instead of Colorado Avalanche, excuse me. They score three, go to overtime. And with themselves getting pounded and seemingly not having much possession of the puck, they have somebody shot out of a cannon. Just faster than everybody else on the ice. Bang. How you doing? Keep it moving. Look at that. He's faster than everybody else. It's overtime. This is the fourth period. Hey! Goal! Sorry about it. Honor the Colorado Avalanche. One Greenland's one up in the series. Now let's go to the other hockey game that took place. It was the New York Rangers and Carolina Hurricanes. Now Carolina Hurricanes were favored to win the Stanley Cup over everybody else. Odds going into the playoffs. New York Rangers are obviously this great story because they're in New York City. They got this guy, Rampire State, building. And they're a team that's been building for a while to potentially make a run at a cup, even though the Bruins have been in the Eastern Conference, have been dominant for a while. 4-3, double overtime. Rangers get a big-time win. Gensel, who's a trade participant, got his ass traded from Pittsburgh. He scored two goals for the Carolina Hurricanes. But in the end, in double overtime, late night, long game, the New York Rangers get a big-time win at home, and all the khakis in the stands and all the yuppies that cheer for the Rangers are going absolutely ballistic as they take a 2-0 series lead, heading down into Raleigh to take on all the Caniacs in the next game. The NHL is blasting the NBA in playoff electricity, that is for sure, but we'll be talking about everything. Shams Sharani will be joining us in about 37 minutes or so. P.K. Subban will join us in about seven minutes or so. Mark Messier. Moose. The option. Moose, 16-time All-Star, 25-year NHL vet. Former teammate of Wayne Gretzky, obviously, then he goes over to New York, wins another Stanley Cup. An absolute stallion and ESPN analyst. He'll be joining us in about an hour from now. And then J.J. White will join us in the second hour because he buried Austin Rivers publicly. He bullied the hell out of him. He did. To the tune of a few million views. And obviously, he wasn't the only one. There was a lot of people taking shots at the NBA fragility. Yeah. Yeah, the fragility of the NBA players and what it takes to be in the NFL because they believe that Austin Rivers maybe skipped over that in his little 30-for-30 gig. And then we have Patty Cavanaugh of Notre Dame lacrosse and the Cavanaugh lacrosse family joining us in the third hour on YouTube, ESPN Plus, and TikTok Live, which we're running out of time. Yeah, look out. TikTok, we need somebody to buy that who has a lot of money, because that's we're on out of time. I think that nine months is going to come up a little bit quicker than we could imagine, but we're still live on TikTok. Patty Kavanaugh, six overall pick last night in the PLO lacrosse draft. He goes to the Cannons to join his brother up up there in Boston. And the Cavanaugh family is obviously fantastic. Notre Dame just won the ACC championship. They're the reigning national champions. They're going to try to do the same damn thing, but look out. I've been told by Bobby Roode, Michigan's got a team. Bobby Roode. Bobby Roode called me in. Hey, let's remember, lacrosse, Canada sport. Canada sport. People think curling, and they think hockey. Lacrosse is actually Canada sport, I do believe. And, yeah, there's a Canadian playing for Michigan that won the Big Ten and nobody really expected. Now, the Big Ten, nobody really takes seriously. Whenever you're talking about lacrosse, from the little that I know, it's like the Ivy Leagues or the ACC or things like Michigan might have it. This might be the year Michigan goes for it. But for us, we've always been Notre Dame boys because the Kavanaugh family has taken us in. That's right. There you go. Ripping twine, cradling like you wouldn't believe. This is what we do. Yep. This is lacrosse. Learning from the best right there. Yeah, you're damn right. And then look at this. What? Boom. Switch hands. Look at this one. How about the offhand? What? What? What? Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah. That's what they say when they run down the field. That's right. Bingo. All right, we'll talk to Patty Cavanaugh. I don't know how long that convo is going to go because, honest, I have not watched enough lacrosse games, so I don't know. But Notre Dame is going to win it again, and I'm happy about that. Talk St He had a racist turtle. After the racist turtle, I figured, you know, I'll come back with an eagle, and I'm sure someone out there will think that's racist as well. But again, hey, what do you think? Bald eagle? Yeah, I'm sure there's someone out there. You see those things fly across the sky. You see nothing short of majesty. They're the size of humans. They are. They're the size of little babies, like baby 18-month-olds to counter what happened yesterday with your shirt alongside nine-year nfl vet darius j butler we introduced to the world that these turtles have been racist all along had no idea we've been trying to stick up for these turtles you know we need to figure out how to save these turtles noses good people let's go through hell drinking out of paper to save these turtles and then all of a sudden we find out on may 7th 2024 are these people worth fighting for are these things worth fighting for and then there was video damning evidence that said these turtles are racist as and i was told by uh animal community it's not that they're racist they just think dark things are dangerous what what is that right what is that okay okay good defense yeah okay that's even worse it's gotten even worse for these damn turtles so thank you to opening all of our eyes you know somebody had to do and i went down a little rabbit hole couldn't find any real answers to why but i don't think it was the sea turtles actually i think it was the land turtle okay not all turtles so some good ones out there okay good people on both sides all right sea turtles are good though so maybe we do okay drink agave straws or That's what he gets said about. I don't know if I said that, but... That's how it sounded. All right, sea turtles are good, though, so maybe we do drink agave straws or whatever the hell else they got cooking over there. I like the plastic straw personally, but we do like sea turtles. They're not the racist ones. Okay, happy we got a little added update on the racism of the turtles that we learned about yesterday. 12-year NFL vet. Rap, hey! Banger. Yeah. We got one. Banger. We got one. New song coming out on the 21st of this month with Jody Breeze. Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Jones. All the smoke. All the smoke. We want all the smoke. Hey, it's a good song. Jody Breeze, haven't heard him in a while. Still got it. We're talking 100 on the paint from Jody Breeze. The video, I think we got drone 8K footage. Let's go, Pac-Man. Now's the time. Yeah, moving the needle. Yeah, I think just want to move the needle. I hope so. And you're going to keep going. Just a little bit, but, you know, to let them know that we're really serious about what we're doing. And the music is really good. Yeah. Like, I drop a song every month about to put out an album. But I feel good about it, and it sounds good. Okay, good. I'm happy to hear that. And that mental toughness, by the way, is the edge that some NFL guys potentially have over the NBA. Sure. You know, and a lot of old-school NBA guys, I think when they read what Austin said, they were like, hell yeah. And then they looked at the modern setup for NBA guys and NFL guys and go, I don't know if now's the time to make that particular argument. You know, you go back in the day with like, I mean, even Paul Pierce showing up with these big chains and he's hammered drunk, talking his shit, doing his thing. It's like Paul Pierce has the mindset, I think, of more of a football player. Oh, yeah. Than of an NBA guy. Yeah, middle backer. And you go Kevin Garnett and you think about Allen Iverson, you think about these old school, you think about that basketball? Potentially. Now there's only a few guys like that in the NBA. I think that's why we all love Anthony Edwards so much. I think that's why we enjoy the hell out of what he's doing. It's like, oh, we got an old school, seems like dog who's not here to dap up. Now I'm not saying the as it used to be, but the sport itself requires some physicality and mental toughness. That did get missed in the convo, I think, between Austin yesterday with the 30 for 30, but that's basically the only thing the internet said. The internet was like, oh, okay, yeah, yeah, they'll last two snaps potentially on it all. I don't know if that's fair for everybody, but the NFL backers were much larger than the NBA backers. A lot, lot louder. And look, I got respect for both. Obviously, world-class athletes on both ends. It's probably a handful maybe from both professional leagues that can probably have a chance to play in the other one. But you made a great point with the football being so specialized. Like, hey, you do this one thing, red area, we get in the five-yard line, we're throwing it up to you, LeBron. We're throwing it up to you, whoever, so on. You can definitely do that more so. You can find a spot. If they wanted to nitpick, they could find a spot. And at the same time, there's a lot of banners out there. You better not put them into the red zone. For sure, for sure. You put their ass in in the middle of the field, Ray Lewis smacked Ocho. Just imagine seven foot two coming across the middle for a slant. Yeah, it doesn't happen anymore though. Now with new rules, we have to think about the modern rules. Agreed, you can still hit people. A lot of DBs out there on the court play some top level first team all pro defense. So that was a whole other thing you didn't even think about because you automatically think like, can an NFL guy be a star in the NBA? And then it's like, well, he didn't say that. He just said be in the NBA. It's like, oh, there's some smack in the floor. And then let alone whenever it gets underneath, you know, the little elbow in the back. That's going to be a little bit different from a football guy. So you can get into the intricacies of it all because Austin Rivers could say, so you're first and goal from the half yard line. Let's say the Kansas City Chiefs. They got Travis Kelsey, Rasheed Rice for now. Get your ass out of Dallas. Get out of Dallas. Come on. You got lucky with the first one. Lucky. We all know you got lucky with the first one. You know you got lucky with the first one. Now, within months, same thing. And listen, I'm somebody that made a mistake. I mean, we have, like literally people make mistakes, but at some point you got to realize like, wow, I really, really dodged. Yeah. I need to, if I want it, I got to do it. If not just completely away from it. Rasheed too damn talented, too young, too much ahead of him. He's already won a Super Bowl. It's like, get your ass out of Dallas. What are we even doing? Focusing on football. Let's change your life forever as opposed to changing a night forever. Oh, let's have a good night. Okay. You can have a lot of those later, Rasheed, whenever you become a guy. Somebody needs to tell him that in his inner circle. And his inner circle might need to be completely changed as well to even get him in that spot. I'm not saying it's easy. But let's say Rasheed Rice, they've got Xavier Worthy, and Travis Kelsey. So let's say they line them all up on one side. You've got Wemby. On the other side, on first and goal from the half-yard line, Andy Reid's going to figure out a way to get Wemby a touchdown. That is what Austin Rivers could just be like. He's in the NFL. Would he be able to last more than three plays? Absolutely not. Would he have more than one play that's scripted for him? Absolutely not. Could he get through a practice or a training camp or anything? Absolutely not. But first and goal in a half-yard line. He's scoring a touchdown. He's throwing the ball to the sky. Wemby's And that spike is coming from the highest. Yeah, the top of the goal. It has ever come down, ever. So it was a great conversation. I'm very thankful that it happened. Peak off-season combo. Yes, perfect. Be pressing his knees on that one. Yeah. Shots to the thighs. All right, let's give this guy a bruise. Oh, yeah. And a thigh. Hopefully we'll be able to break him. House of Sport, thigh hopefully we'll be able to break them uh house house of sport this guy got involved he'll be on in the second hour for sure i saw cc sabathia and some basketball or some baseball players chime in they go let's not forget a lot of baseball guys you know we had scholarships to play football or basketball it's like ccu did okay once again we're talking about eras here these baseball guys play one sport now they're throwing throwing balls all year round. CeCe, you maybe. Skeens. Skeens, definitely. Skeens, for sure. Skeens will be a left tackle. He can do anything. Okay, but let's relax. You know who nobody's brought up? Who's that? Hockey players. They say these guys suck on land. You get them on ice, they're better than everybody. Joining us now is a man who was on TV last night. Not talking, though. Just taking in a double overtime thriller in New York City, Madison Square Garden. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, P.K. Subban. Yay! Yay! Hey, listen. Speaking of being on TV, I was a little bit disappointed. I got a couple texts to my phone. Me and my best friend, he played, you know, put on three different jerseys in the NHL, played a couple games with Mets, and I hear Levy and Weeks, he says, he's my handler. Like, where's the TF ESPN? We're at MSG. There's models everywhere. Like, why not pan to a model and say, hey, you know what? You know, Chris, these ladies should go over and talk to these guys. These are premier guys. Where was the tee up. Like, come on. Hey, you looked good. You had three chains on. You had your cologne chain and then two crosses. We saw it. They were on you for an uncomfortably long time while you were talking to somebody about something. Looked like you had a great time. What a game. Hey, that's the first double overtime game of this playoffs, which is abnormal, I think. Abnormal, I think. Pat, Pat, I got to tell you right off the hop, I'm all in. I got the week off until May 13th, which is my birthday. But I am all in. Happy birthday, PK. Happy birthday, PK. Same birthday. Thank you. Thank you. It'll be on Monday. My birthday's the 13th, so I'm off for the week. They gave me the week off. But, dude, I'm all in. Listen, I play for the Devils, but whether it's Celtics, like, I'm all in. It doesn't matter. Celtics? I got the Knicks. I'm all in. Look at me. Hey, Rangers, I'm all in. Any game, I'll wear any hat. I'm all in. And you know what? Florida. In Florida, I was there for the Stanley Cup final last year. I probably spent more rooms at the Elbow Room, then I think it's the B&T T-Center or whatever. It's not MSG, but you know what? I'll throw an Elbow Room hat on. BK! I'm involved. Let's go! I didn't know Elbow Room had merch. Yeah. Moving some merch down there. I like the fact you're like, hey, I got the week off, so if any of you guys want to give me free tickets to any of these games, I love the club. Celtics, Knicks, who gives a shit? Rangers, Panthers, who cares? Bruins, who cares? I'm in on everybody. It's a wonderful time right now. And we were talking about this as the show started. NBA had two 20-point blowouts last night. Now granted, incredible skill, incredible everything. You know, the Stars are being bored over there in Oklahoma City. I mean, it's just like there's definite good teams. But the NHL last night, two overtime games, let alone all of the series that have taken place, two game seven wild finishes in the first round. It's like hockey's killing it right now, PK, legitimately, especially last night it was on display fully. Well, this is the best time of the year to watch all sports, but I really believe this is the best time of the year to watch all sports but i really well that's not true yeah what you're saying is dumb pk and i don't have to have a full austin river situation here but obviously december january february are the best times for sports okay all right okay hey hey hey I will give my respect to the NFL at that time, of course. College ball as well. College ball. College football, yes. 100%. 100% baseball. All that stuff is great. No, no, no. Not baseball. Not baseball. We're not talking about baseball. We didn't say October. Dump that. Dump that. A Yan But a Yankees game is great to go and watch. I love that. Exactly right. You're trying to get tickets to that. Yeah, I got it. Well, I got to get teed up on the back end. I got to tie it in on the back end, Pat. Come on. I got to get teed up. But you're right. Right now it's magic. Every single night it feels like. It's unbelievable. And um you know but td garden whether you're there you're in florida whether you're watching the celtics play it's it's the best time of year but specifically to hockey um i really believe this is the best hockey we've seen in a long time uh watching that dallas colorado series is gonna be insane and i mean look at the way it started right three goal lead Colorado comes back and I said earlier this season I'm going to get to the Rangers in a second but I said earlier uh this season few weeks ago that the Rangers might win the president's trophy but they're not not the best team in the league and I got a lot of heat for that people are like what are you talking about and now people are texting me different things saying hey man maybe you would have been right you got to put respect on what Nathan McKinnon has done this year and Kale McCarr, what he has done so far in his hockey career. And Miles Woods stepping up, huge overtime winner who I played with in Jersey, by the way, super happy for him. But there's something special going on in Colorado. And you got to be very weary of that team. That's a team that not enough people are probably talking about this year outside of Nathan McKinnon. They've had some injuries, some new players come in, but I mean, this is going to be an unbelievable series. It's going to go back and forth. It's going to be a long series, but Colorado comes out of that. They're going to be very, very tough to beat. Personally, what I would like to see coming out of the West is I would love to see either Edmonton or colorado come out of the west just because i think the rangers are going to get to the finals not to take away from boston and how swayman's playing i know i know swayman's playing great florida uh is playing awesome um i i i love what's going on in the east but i really would like to see the rangers seeing that team against either mcdavid and mckinnon in the finals would be a dream for the nhl i'd love to see that but um you know what hockey's at an all-time high this is you don't want to miss a game right now so i'm up late nights i'm watching games i'm recording games you don't want to miss anything yeah i agree completely with your last sentence there now when you said about the rangers when the president's cup and they're not being the best team and then people text you saying you're right. It's like they're up 2-0 right now with the odds on favorite Carolina Hurricanes, and Shesterkin's standing on his damn head. Go ahead, Con, man. Yeah, PK, to your point, it's awesome being a Bruins fan, watching Swayman also stand on his head. But then last night you watch Igor Shesterkin, and all of a sudden you do think clear that they're the best team do you think there is a way to beat them is there a formula right now to kind of take advantage of what the Rangers don't do well or do they really do everything perfectly and it is going to be a tall task to beat them in seven games I like the way you Shesterkin no diggity because I'm telling you right now, when he's playing that way, I don't care whether it's Jeremy Swayman at the other end, whether it's Nikolai Habibulin, whether it's Vasilevsky, whether it's Patrick Waugh, Martin Brodeur, the way he is playing. Patrick Waugh? I know. Patrick Waugh? You know. Patrick Waugh. You better relax, Birdo. I'm not going to relax. Igor Shosturkin is absolutely filthy. He's the backbone of this hockey club. And he is going to be the main component of why I believe they can win the Stanley Cup this year. I mean, I watched. Carolina was the better team last night. Anybody that says that they weren't didn't watch that game. All you were doing was talking to that dude the whole time. Yeah, you weren't watching the game. You weren't watching the game either. Well, I'm going to tell you something. If I'm talking to females, I ain't doing it out there. So you can tell me about talking to dudes all you want. I Tell me about talking to dudes all you want. I ain't doing that. I'm just saying, when I saw you on camera, I was talking to some dude. They said you knew the dude. They gave a show. Well, we're breaking down the game. But I'll tell you this. I'll tell you this. Igor Shostakhin, he's not in net. You got Jonathan Quick, who's 100% capable. But Igor Shostakhin is bringing an element to the New York Rangers that not very many people are going to be able to actually capture because the belief that you can do whatever the hell you want knowing that if you give up a breakaway a two-on-one that your best chance of coming out of it on the positive end is having him back there to cover up the mistakes and right now I don't think there's another goaltender Jeremy Swayman playing lights out. Unbelievable. Bobrovsky playing great. The guy right now for me is Igor Shosturkin that you want in net. No matter what game it is, game one, game seven, I want that guy in net. And to be clear, PK was a part of a couple Igor chants last night and watched him have 50... No, I did not chant. You didn't get the video of me chanting. I did not chant. I did not. Not once? No, I high-fived. I had to high-five a couple fans. I'm not going to get jumped at MSG. Yeah, like, you know what I mean? They had the whoa. You definitely did the whoa after they scored. Hold on. Hold on. Let me tell you this right now. I can't stand that goal song. And I'm going to tell you why I can't stand it. Because the Kitchener Rangers, the Kitchener Rangers in the OHL, used to have that same damn goal song. They had the same jerseys. They had the best crowd in Major Junior, 12,000 every game. And they spanked it. We were in the Memorial Cup. We beat them in the round robin we meet them in the semi-final and they pump us my last game in junior eight like seven or eight two or something like that my last game in junior i had to listen to that song whoa sorry about it pk 12 000 in a barn they deserved it yeah i'm so shell-shocked by that song. I'm starting to like it. I've heard it so many times. I'm like, I can't even hate on the song. I'm like, maybe I deserve it. Maybe this is a sign. Maybe I got to accept it. What is the Igor chant? What's the Igor chant? Oh, the Igor chant. Sick. There's a massive drum. Yeah Igor. Yeah. He knows. You were doing that all night. We know you were doing that all night. That's why you're like, Swayman, that's the wrong team. That's a different sport. Nick, Nick, Nick. I was saying hockey. Todd's got a question for you. Yeah, PK, in terms of, like, the psyche of a team, like, I know you said that you think Dallas and Colorado is going to go the distance, but for both teams that lost last night, when Dallas is up 3-0 in the first period and then they end up losing that game and then obviously Carolina, you go into two OTs and then lose. Obviously, if this series is 1-1, it's much different going to Carolina. But as a team, how do both of those teams that lost last night respond? Because I feel like both of those losses were just backbreaking and demoralizing. Well, I look at Florida, the difference between Florida and Colorado. Two really good teams. But the difference is Colorado's got a very explosive offense. Florida doesn't have anybody close to Kael McCarr. And they might have some really good players. Barkov, second to no one, two-way, selkie guy. I get it. Matthew Kachuk, the intangibles that he brings. But skill-wise, Nathan McKinnon's on a planet of his own. When you have two guys like that that can facilitate and draw attention, you can pull yourself back into a game 3-0. The way Florida plays, they play a different style. Their power the way Florida plays, they play a different style and their power play is not going to be like a Colorado's or a Tampa Bay. It'll be really good, but they do it by committee. So for them to get down by a couple of goals early would be a lot more difficult for them to come back than let's say a Colorado that can push the pace. I was not surprised that Colorado was able to come back because you look at Dallas coming off that game seven, when they adrenaline going on it's hard to sustain that though for 60 minutes and when you're looking at championship pedigree Nathan McKinnon, Mishushkin, Makar all these guys Miles Wood as much as he wasn't on the championship team that's a veteran player that plays playoff style hockey so they're ready for that moment to grind it out and come back I think think with Boston, they were just on such a high. But give credit to Mr. Montgomery in getting everybody involved. You look at their goal scores. Geeky. Brandon Carlo had sort of a suspect first round. Takes a step forward in game one. Is looking a lot better now. So they're getting depth scoring. Also, Brazzo. This Brazzo kid's playing well. So, Boston got everybody involved, but going down 3-0 for Colorado, I wasn't surprised that they came back. That's a team that's built to do something like that. It seemed like Nicky Skates and our Canadian Gumpy were like, you go up big early, that's the asshole thing they talked about. That was the thermos that steve levy brought up that said it's so ridiculous it is so ridiculous steve levy listen to me steve levy's on a health kick right now he comes in and you know i see him he's eating his protein bars he's taking care of himself listen if steve levy drank half of this he wouldn't have to eat any protein bars he'd be he'd be well on his way So, Steve Levy should take a page out of the Professional Athletes book and drink some water. I drink eight liters a day. Steve, just get into this. Don't worry about my canteen. What is eight liters? What is eight liters in America? This is four, so four liters is a gallon. So, right? Four liters is a gallon, I'm pretty sure. No way. There's no way there's two gallons in there. That's two gallons in there? Four. This is four liters. I drink two of these a day. Oh, that's one gallon right there. That's like milk right there. That's a gallon of milk right there. But, Pat, Pat, you got to remember, I'm training. Like, I work out in the morning, lift in the morning, cardio, Epsom You just basically keep drinking all day. Two gallons of water a day. That's so much. Double fisting all day, Coach. Where's my elbow room hat? Photoshop that. Someone Photoshop that, please. Photoshop that. It's not going to be good for you, Pete. The elbow room saves you, though. D-Bud's got a question for you about what you were saying about Florida there. Yeah, you kind of mentioned it. We've got a lot of shots on goal. Obviously, Boston's coming in hot. What are the adjustments going for Florida? How do we turn it around and get a dub in the second game? Well, I got Florida winning this series still. I'm not worried about them. I still think that they're going to find their game. I thought the first round, they didn't play their best game and they still beat Tampa. They're still trying to find that. Listen, look what happened to Vegas, man. Vegas went all the way to the cup final last year. You can see that they didn't have that bounce in their step. It's hard. It's very, very hard. You go that whole distance to the Stanley Cup final. You try to recover. You have new players coming into your team. It's difficult. So for Florida, I have confidence. This is the same core group of players. Yeah, they picked up Tarasenko. Yeah, they got Mikola on the back end, but it's pretty much the same team. So for them, they know what it's going to take to grind this thing out, and I think they will. I would expect them to win game two. That would be my expectation, and I would expect them to play a whole lot better than they did in game one. Okay, we'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Yeah, we'll see. I mean, everyone at ESPN except for Steve Levy is saying that, so you might as well. I mean, it's a broken record at this point. Who gives a shit? Well, you know Levy's picking Boston no matter what. You know he's picking Boston. Yeah, but literally every other hockey person at ESPN picked Florida. I mean, that was wild to see. Yeah, asinine. I just collect Stanley Cup boards. They finally win a game seven in overtime at home to get over the hump? I mean, come on. What are you even talking about? Here's the reason for it. Here's the reason for it. I think everybody who played the game of hockey or watches a lot just appreciates Florida's team in the way that they play. Of course. They got a perfect blend of everything. They got great goaltending. They got some skill on the back end. They got some skill on the back end. Basically, all their defensemen play with sandpaper. All their forwards up front play with sandpaper and can score goals. Reinhardt, Verhage. Like, no one's picking Reinhardt and Verhage with their playing style out as superstars. But Reinhardt's scoring 60 goals. Verhage scores. I think he's got like seven overtime winners in the playoffs or whatever it is. Like, these guys can play. So I think when you look at their team, there's a lot to love there with their team. And I think there's no – like I wouldn't expect them not to be a favorite with the way they play. And then couple that with Paul Maurice and great coaching. They're an easy team to love. With the Bruins, I felt that they left us wanting more. In the first round, you go up 2-0. You don't like the Bruins! You don't like them! You don't like them! He has a hat for every other team. But the Bruins! Hey, I picked... Listen, it's nothing personal. I picked Posta. Listen, I said Posta and Lindholm got to step up. I wanted to see them step up. And I love those players. I love Posta. I love Marshahawn you know i love marshawn even though i battled against them i love their game and i love their team all great guys jvr stop it jvr carlo on the back end i know all these guys swayman i love them too but they gotta show me more i need that killer instinct in boston it was five to one it Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. I get it. But it's when you're faced with adversity. Listen. By being up 3-1 and then it being tied and you go into a seven-game series and winning in overtime like that adversity. The Toronto Maple Leafs were this close to creating history and sending the Boston Bruins up. When you really think about it. But it didn't happen. It did not happen. It did not happen. But honestly, Toronto was the better team. The second half of that round, Toronto was the better team. I thought they could say more. Some LSD in that Epsom salt bath today? Yeah, what do we got? What are we sipping on up there? A little lean? I don't know if you guys follow me or not, but you need to follow my videos because I gave Boston their flowers. I called out Pasternak, called out Limholm, and I gave them their flowers when they stepped up. Right? Lindholm gets the big goal. Pasternak gets a goal. Lindholm assists on the big goal. I said the big guys got to step up, and they stepped up. I'm giving Boston their flowers. I'll be at the game on Friday. I'll be there. I'll be watching the game on Friday in Boston. I'll be there. I just watched you hit Marshawn pretty good. Be careful out there, PK. And this is why Brad and I get along, because we have an understanding. We have an understanding. Brad plays within the rules, doesn't look at me, and he doesn't have to worry about that. Night-night. It's quite the bit. Yop, that's what he said. God bless Bob Cole. Bob Cole, who just passed away, did the call on this, actually on this game. God bless him and his family. Man, that felt good. Running away from Sean Thornton. Makes sense, I'd run too. There you go. Running away from Sean Thornton. Yeah, it makes sense. I'd run, too. Hey, listen. Well, yeah. You'd run away from him, too. That's what I said. Yep, that's what I said. That's what I said. Pick your battles. Absolutely. Yeah, we love it. No part of him. PK, you do have quite a Boston bias. And The hit was awesome, though. Yeah, be careful up there. Hey, where's that Boston hat? You don't have one. Where's that? No, no, no. That doesn't count. That doesn't count. I didn't see any Pacers. Jay Tatum. Yeah, I didn't see any Pacers. What about the Pacers? Too small of a... Jay Tatum. Jay Tatum, kid. Yeah. You're on. Lay up. Yeah, absolutely. You can play in the NBA. Oh, yeah. You need to throw your name into this NBA and NFL conversation, PK. You look natural. Shoot, shoot, shoot. Yeah. I thought I was a big win. Yeah, right. I mean, PK is looking for tickets to whatever. I'm actually going to be up there in the Oven in Boston next week. Let's go, Celtic. I think there tickets to whatever. I'm actually going to be up there in the oven in Boston next week. Let's go sell things. I think there's a game next Tuesday. J-Tayton. Yeah, you want J-Tayton. J-Tayton. Euro. Oh, you love the Euro step. So I'm just going to say this because you're a hockey player and this is normal. You can't play catch, right? You can't throw anything. Are you nuts? You can't. You can't. No way. If you were to have a ball. Okay, hold on. Let's make this clear. Best athletes in the world are hockey players. We did this yesterday. We don't want to hear this. What's going on here? Yeah, we're not getting into this. Everything was going well. Everything well until that. We can throw balls. We can throw footballs. We can throw baseballs. We can basketball. We'll give you the toughest. We'll give you the toughest. They don't sniff Vanderstopping, though. Yeah, tough is... Yeah, no one's bringing up the G1 racers, but the toughness of hockey players is certainly... That is 99. Their attribute. They are 99 on that's 99. Yeah, their attribute there. They are 99 on that particular one. But just playing, you know, you just accidentally throw a football at a hockey player. Can you believe I played 13 years? 13 years and my face still looks like this. Can you believe that? It's unbelievable. After 13 years. Crazy. Well, we got a massage. We got a bath. We got a massage. We got a bath. We got a workout. We got some Botox. And also. No Botox. Black don't crack. No Botox. Well, that's why I didn't want to say it. Yeah, berries and juices. Berries and juices, man. Berries and juices. Works differently for people from the Caucus Mountains. Tom's got a question for you about, you know, big-time shots. We almost saw one last night. Yeah, PK, obviously your hit on Marshawn that we saw there was awesome and clean. Trouba, we have seen in the past, I think it was game five against Sidney Crosby with a cheap shot chicken wing that won them that series. And Trouba last night, just an absolute torpedo trying to take another guy's head off. Is that a guy you just love to have on your team and hate to play against or what do you think about old troops well first of all i if i told you i didn't love everything about this clip right now i'd be lying i love it i love the nonsense i love the stuff that toes the line i mean that elbow hits them if that elbow hits martin in the chin, Trouba's gone for probably the rest of the series, maybe more, right? But it doesn't. No, no, let's be honest, right? Now, I don't think the intent. I'm going to take myself into Jacob Trouba because I played against him. I know him. I love Trouba, and I love his game. I do not want to ever see him i do not want to ever see him stop hitting and trying to hit guys like that i want to see more of it actually and i love it and i think we need it in the game i try to protect guys like troops because it's an element in the game that we don't want to leave but it's got to be clean and i think troops has been really good at that at hitting guys devastating hits but doing it with his shoulder when i played i tried to do it with my hip a lot more because i'd be skating backwards and try to catch guys with their head down that way troops is really really good timing wise of stepping up and hitting guys forward and when you do that it's difficult when guys switch switch angles and switch positions so martin h just in that last moment kind of bails out and i thought true but the reason why the elbow came up first was to brace himself from hitting the glass but that elbow came up a lot earlier it came up a little bit earlier yeah so yeah what i yeah i'm glad put it this way i'm just happy that the elbow didn't hit him uh because then we'd be talking about something else. But I loved it. When I saw this on the, in the stands, I mean, every fan was on their feet. I love to see that in hockey. You just got to keep that elbow down. So I'd like to see it with the shoulder. Okay, kick to the back of the head is not a penalty. It was an accident. Well, that's my accident. I mean, come on, guys. Just kicking a guy in the back of the head. I mean, it shouldn't have been an accident or not. Here's what I'll say, though. Players, hold on. Who's on the ice? Hold on. You step on the ice at MSG. Like, before a game, when you're looking at the lineup and you're looking at it. I'm looking at Boston. I see a Ginla, Horton, Thornton, Pye, Campbell. I see Thornton. I see McQuaid. I see Boychuk. I see Chara. I see Recchi. I see Seidenberg. I see like, I'm seeing a list of guys i'm saying okay they got 11 guys on this team so i can't step on the ice without having my head on a swivel that there's 11 potential killers on the other team that could take my head off if my head is down and i'm a marked man so for players that step out on the ice today and this is where i think it's lost in the game guys step on the ice like they're out for a walk in Battery Park here in Five Guys when they should be walking down the street like they're in Harlem. Like, guys, you got to have your head on the swivel. You can't be skating through the middle of the ice with your head down. Like, there's a killer out there. Like, that group of guys for real. So you got to know. No, you got to know that he's on the ice and let's go let's know our enemy yeah yeah we gotta know it's like yeah man like it's part of the game and i don't want to go on a way because guys are out there lackadaisical for escape like you gotta know that a guy like truba is going to throw he's looking for the big hit so he's got to keep his elbow down he's got to hit clean but players got to keep their head up i'm sick and tired of seeing guys skate around with their head down. Yeah, and we as fans and internet people are happy because, I mean, the gif of him just torpedoing himself into the glass. It was just like that dude with the judge in Vegas. That was literally what – it was an immediate thought. It was an immediate thought. As soon as you see him fly, it's like – and then also yesterday. It is. It was an immediate thought. As soon as you see him fly, it's like. And then also yesterday. It is. It was literally the same thing. That guy's going to jail forever. He knows. Elbow kill, really? I think he was told, like, yeah, yeah, you're going to jail forever. He's like, well, at least one last. That guy was so good in high school. I got a question, though. I got a question. a question. I got a question, though. I got a question. You think Martin Aches is going to be looking over his shoulder every time he takes a breakout pass, stepping up the middle of the ice for the next six games? Or for the next five games? Anybody playing the Rangers, I think, is thinking that now, yeah? That's what I mean. So message is set. Yeah, look out. Let's not clap. You're not pity patting like you hockey players with a football. Powerball hockey. Next, six, six. All right. All right. Hey, happy birthday, man. We appreciate you. You're not back on TV until next week because it's your birthday week? Yeah. So, well, they didn't give me off for my birthday. I did two games with Bucci solo last week. So, Messon Leaves are doing some games this week. They did one with Kevin Weeks last week, who you saw. You know, listen, I think they lost some good looks on the desk last night, but that's just my opinion. So, you know, but, yeah, I'll be off for another week, and I'll be back either the 13th or after that. Way to go. Ladies and gentlemen, P.K. Saban. Yeah, P.K. That was all time before. He's the best. He has merch for every team that's still in the playoffs. It's unbelievable. I've got a week off, by the way. Willing to travel. Yeah, smart man. Not interested in coming to Indiana, though. Yeah, not a single Pacer or anything. Well, what's the point of having that, though? I mean, what are we talking about? You need to have the merch and the refs again. But if they don't, Pacers win in five. This is a Pacers in five type situation. You think Tyrese Halliburton is going to have the same offensive performance that he had in the first game? No. You think these refs are going to be as blatantly, obviously biased towards the Knicks in this next game? No. Pac obviously biased towards the Knicks in this next game? No. Pacers win this one, and we keep it moving. Bring it back home to the loudest barn in the NBA. Wow. Cambridge Fieldhouse. Come on now. And then all of a sudden, T.J. McConnell's coming to life. He had 20 last series. He'll have 30 this one. I mean, the Knicks are dead. I think Reggie Miller's going to be need the legend in there. Larry Bird was obviously a part of building the teams of the past that went to the Eastern Conference Finals, ran into the Heatles every single year, and he does have deep history in the state of Indiana. But Reggie obviously just, you know. Oh, yeah. The mural up on Mass Ave, too. I mean, Reggie. In Madison Square Garden is that hole. Remember? I remember. So if he's there, calling a game. Yeah. Need to get Rick Smiths there. He's there. Rick Smiths at every game. Jermaine O'Neal. Bring him back. Love Jermaine O'Neal. He had a club here in town. Good times. Got a little violent sometimes, but it was a good time. Dislocated. Talk about a guy who could play NFL. That's club life. Speaking of club life, Rasheed Rice, get out of Dallas. Yeah, please. Hey, Seth, let's get back to Kansas City. Yeah, not even clubs there. Get out of the city. No. I don't know. OCDs, phase two, what's it called? Who? OCPs. OCPs. Son of a bitch. OCPs, phase two. Did you hear about this? It off-season conditioning program phase two. Did you know that? What's the difference? Well, that's what we had to figure out for the first minute. Matt Conte of the Indianapolis Colts PR guy, he's one of the I said, we're calling OTAs too many things. Yeah, it's not all OTAs anymore. So none of it makes sense. Speaking of not making sense, why wasn't Jamal Murray suspended indefinitely for throwing a towel in a heating pad on a court. Somebody could have got really injured. That's right. Kick him off the tour, Doug. Now. Forever. Instead, it's just a fine. It's a big one. It's bullshit. No, it's only 3% of his annual salary. But it's still a big arm for a basketball fine. I think .3 is what we saw. Yeah, not 3%. Whatever. Yeah, not 3%. Whatever. Yeah, those basketball players make a lot of money. Green was upset. Joining us now, a lot of people were upset they were on TV about, get this guy out of the league. Yeah. Get this guy out of the league. Yeah, Leslie ain't happy either. Well, he has a lot of history of being a full-blown asshole. he doesn't. He posted that thing on his Snap story. What was that thing? Really bad. He is Canadian, right? Let's get to a man who maybe knows more than we do about how it became a fine as opposed to a suspension. That's got a lot of people who are journalists up in arms. Ladies and gentlemen, senior NBA insider for the Athletic Stadium and FanDuel TV, Shams Sharani. Yeah, Shobbs! Shobbs, kick him off the tour! Why'd we end up with just a fine? Because our source, Sizz, who did not want to be named, told us yesterday, this is probably going to be a fine. We reported that yesterday, but some people thought it was a suspension coming. Ends up just being a fine. How'd we get here, and what are your thoughts on it? Yeah, I had to confirm you guys on that news, substantial fine, $100,000. I mean, listen, I think you said it right there. Jamal Murray, not necessarily known as someone who's got a rap sheet, not necessarily someone that's known to have a history of doing this. Even the referees, from what I'm told, they felt, even after the game, even after reviewing the footage of the heat pad at one point, the towel at one point being thrown at them, they felt like Jamal Murray did it out of frustration. He's dealing with a calf injury. There were a couple plays during that game where he felt like he was fouled. He should have gotten a call. Mike Malone, we saw him come out on the court. And the fact that the referees didn't even give him a technical or eject him. And the referee said after the game, even if he threw that at us, we would have just given him a technical foul. We wouldn't even have ejected him. So I think you put all those factors in play, and the league, Pat, and the NBA, they have conversations with the players. They have conversations with the referees before they make a judgment on whether it's a suspension, whether it's a fine. Yeah, what about journalists? They talk to journalists? Good question. Well, you know, I'm talking to people. Me personally. Oh, you're talking to them. I'm in the weeds on it. But they spoke to Jamal Murray. Jamal Murray showed a level of contrition. He understood. He took some responsibility of the here's the moment, how frustrated he was. And fortunately, no one did get hurt. Fortunately, Jamal Murray's aim, whether if he was aiming it out of frustration, it literally hit the ground both times. It didn't go anywhere. It didn't impact anyone. So I'm sure that played a part that no one was injured, no one was hurt. But listen, Jamal Murray, and this to me is a microcosm of this entire series. Minnesota, Anthony Edwards, these guys are dogs. They're bringing it so, like They're bringing it to them. They're punching them in the mouth every game, and they're making them – yeah, not really. They're putting them into so much frustration right now. It's palpable. We saw it on Jamal Murray. But game three is Friday, and Jamal Murray will be in action. They're not actually punching them in the mouth, which leads to the whole NFL-NBA conversation that's been taking place. But that Timberwolves defense has been locked down on old Jamal Murray from what we've seen, and obviously frustration grows. I'm happy nobody's suspended, especially in the biggest games of the year, having a star out. That leaves an asterisk for everything. I don't know why everybody is so suspension-hungry for people, especially is so suspension hungry for people, especially if the people involved are cool with it not happening. But I guess what those folks are worried about is obviously the world mostly. But they don't want this to become a thing, right? Nobody wants this to become a pattern, and we're not assuming that this will be the case. No one wants this to be a thing, and there has been precedent when players, I remember Udonis has them through his mouth guard at an official in 2006. He got suspended one game. But Jamal Murray has no history of this. He has no history, no rap sheet. He's got no past as far as demonstrative actions toward an official. So history plays a role in this, right? And Draymond Green has been suspended for games based on history. And I saw Draymond Green came out and made a pretty good statement as far as the first thing everyone rushed to when this happened with Jamal Murray is why not suspend him but let's look at the situation talk to talk to the referees talk to the player talk to the people involved and at the end of the day uh Joe Dumars the people at the league office they make a recommendation out of silver they all huddle and they talk about it and then their decision was to find Jamal Murray I mean a hundred100,000 is a pretty sizable fine for the NBA. And they gave it to him, and now he's going to learn. I don't think anyone expects Jamal Murray to be throwing heat packs or heat pads on the floor anytime soon. How does the NBA pay structure work with playoffs? Like for the NFL, you get your contract through 18 weeks. I guess there's some teams that pay you a round. That's not what I've ever heard but 18 weeks you get your contract so a massive check game check game check's a big deal it's talked about like it would you put a game check on it because it's huge obviously then playoffs everybody is paid the exact same thing so you got a lot of star players taking massive pay cuts and they got a lot of young guys getting a massive pay uh great or upgrade you know so how does it work in the nba are they making their same checks from the regular season like a hundred thousand dollars is he just playing for free for the next couple games do is there a set way of how they pay during the playoffs over there so every player in the regular season their their deals over the course of the entire calendar year it's it's based on however the player's contract is there are some players pat they get 80 50 60 of their entire salary in one lump sum in a month whatever the case may be i remember a few years ago ben simmons uh his his check he was getting 50 50 of his check on two different dates um at one point players have that in their contract uh but in the playoffs there's something called you know playoff bonuses, right? So depending on how far you advance, if you get to the finals, if you win the championship. And so there's always playoff bonuses, playoff shares. Sometimes for players that make so much money, the playoff share is so nominal in terms of their full salary that I've heard of guys donate their salaries to their players or staffers, their teammates and things like that. That's how nominal some of those playoff shares are, but it is a good amount for players that are on the bench, back of the bench. Those cloud bonuses do hit big. Okay. So it's not really even a discussion. Like the NBA is not paying everybody. Like the NFL pays, I think for the playoffs, everybody. Now the NFL is making out like bandits because the amount of money that they're making on these playoff games versus what they're paying everybody but it's just in the nfl it's all just become like yep that's how it works and if you make the super bowl i think you're when i went there was like an extra maybe 170 000 or 250 000 i forget what exactly it was so a lot of teams are like hey another week's another check another week's another check and the check gets bigger and bigger nba it doesn't sound like that's the case unless you negotiate in there. Now, let's talk about the playoffs in the NBA. Ty has a question for you, Shams. Yeah, Shams, I know the other night the Knicks and Pacers came down to the wire, was pretty solid, but for the most part, the playoffs have absolutely stunk thus far. A lot of blowouts, not very many close games. Why do you think that is? Like we heard going into the playoffs right from round one, it was like, hey, no one can compete with the Celtics. They're just going to beat the shit out of everybody. And on the other side, it was kind of the Nuggets and the T-Wolves have obviously taken it to them. But why is there like no parity whatsoever? It seems like the better teams are just winning and they're doing it hand that's definitely been the case and i think uh you know you have to give a lot of credit i do think the philly uh new york series i think that was that was an exciting series even though it ended in six games uh you know i think that was an exciting or five games like it was an exciting series overall there were highlight moments but listen out east i mean it's tough i mean the orlando cleveland series that wasn't something that was even i think people around the league were focused on until it got to a game seven and that game was so low scoring but to me the western conference is where it's at like even seeing the rise of anthony edwards and how minnesota played phoenix and phoenix has got their three stars and seeing the way anthony edwards went in there and just absolutely dominated that series and now the run that he's on against Denver and the reigning champions, that's nothing to sneeze at. I think the Clippers-Mavericks series was great even though Kawhi Leonard was out. I'm sneezing at it. These are good storylines for the teams that are winning, obviously. Last night was tough. Oklahoma City-Dallas, I do expect more out of that series. I think that series will have a chance to go six or seven games. I do think Dallas, the way they're playing, Luka Doncic last night, six of 19, very similar to the way they started out that Clippers series. Lose game one, feel that series out. We'll see what happens in game two. I think that series has some potential as well. Then we'll see. If Denver wins game three, it's not out of the realm of possibility that they can make a comeback as well. They are the reigning champs. We could be having a 7-game series story as opposed to each individual game story. But the Eastern Conference, I can't speak for the Eastern Conference. I can't speak for Boston. You didn't even tell us that the Cavs and Orlando Magic were even playing. We didn't even know. Game 7 happened. It was like I love Spider Mitchell. I love that they did the heat thing during halftime. I didn't even know they were in the damn tournament. I had no idea those games were happening. Well, I get it, but also it isn't part of the problem. Just because it goes seven games doesn't necessarily mean it's a good series. If one team is just winning by 20 points every game and then they get down to a game seven, it's not just like, oh, boy, we got a game seven. It game seven it's like well yeah the the series as a whole though has stunk yeah i mean there's been some dominating performances kairi will wake up at some point we think i hope so and then we think joker is going to wake up even though it seems like the timberwolves are okay with stepping on people to sleep i mean let's go basketball shout out jayden mcdano shout out jayden mcdano remember we were talking about it yeah i killed him uh back in october uh we to give him his flowers. He's locking up 94 feet. I love that. I like good defense right now in the NBA. Quick question about the story of the NBA instead of the blowouts and the playoffs. Go ahead, Tone. Yeah, Sugar Shams, do you think that you could cover the NFL? Or are you strictly an NBA insider? Do you think you have what it takes to cover the NFL, be an NFL insider? Are you mentally tough enough? NFL be an NFL insider? Are you mentally tough enough? Listen, I'm going to let the Ian Rapp reports of the world do their thing. I ventured down that lane a few times. You know, what I didn't realize last year during the draft, I think I put out the number third pick. And what I didn't realize is you can make it like the trades happen in real time in the NFL draft, right? So, like, the trade happens and the guy will go on stage with the hat on that doesn't happen in the nba so you know there's a little bit of an adjustment period i think there's some lessons that need to be learned when it comes from nba nfl crossover that i've experienced but uh could i i mean you nba folks are so arrogant. You said you could do everything. Okay, I know Austin a little bit. I saw his comments. I covered him as a player. I love him. I covered him as a player. I think the point, you know, it's an interesting point. What we hear is you hear about NFL players or players that are growing up. Like what I hear a lot when I talk to NBA players, they spoke about how they used to play football a lot growing up and then they switched sports because of the safety because of how difficult it was because of physicality like reality physicality the sport is just next level like it is legitimately apples and oranges it's a whole nother beast it's a whole nother animal guys transfer over to the other sport and play basketball so giving given that, I don't hear about basketball. You guys, that's your thing. How many NFL players do you know played basketball, were better at basketball, and then switched over to the NFL? Were there any? I don't know. Oh, there were a lot. We only get to see these highlights. Antonio Gates played. The Nate Robinsons of the world. Eric Swope played basketball. These guys played football, but then they eventually fully focused their attention on basketball. That might be the greatest argument that the NBA could have, is that there have been college basketball players go play in the NFL, but have there ever been NCAA D1 football players go play in the NBA? Charlie Ward. Boom. Heisman. He went into a long career. Sean, who would you pick right now that could go and play in the NFL that's in the NBA? That's a great question. I know a guy. Zion. I mean, Zion is an athletic, physical specimen. See, but the thing is, he's got the size. He's got the frame. He's got everything. I mean, Derek Fox, I mean, wide receiver. You know, I can see wide receiver quarterback. He's got wheels. He's got wheels. I think Anthony Edwards could play. You just put him somewhere. Hey, this is what you're going to play. His baseball quote. I think he would figure it out. I can see that. I enjoy the chatter just because we get a chance to talk about how athletic all of our professional athletes are because there's freaks that are out there and there's one of them. There is one of them. That ball was definitely deflated before this photo. No, that was fully paid. That's why he'd be great to have. Anyways, we appreciate the hell out of you, Shams. We'll continue to chat with you all, hopefully through the playoffs. You're the man. Keep it going. Appreciate y'all. And by the way, we are getting bangers. We are getting bangers. Next round. One after the other. I'm talking about the beef. I'm talking about the songs. Yeah, banger. You're talking about the drive-by shooting, too. Is that you? Way to make fun of it, Sean. Ladies and gentlemen, Sean Perroni. Good job. Okay, Sean. Hope you're happy. Better have an alibi. I thought he was talking about Seamus. Yeah, banger after banger. All right. Hour will join us mark messier will join us jj walk will join us should be fun be a friend tell friends something nice might change your life take three three hello and welcome to office championship wrestling live in indianapolis indiana tonight we have a straight to hell match in which the devil will battle against our office wrestler dylan b. You might be wondering how we got here. Let's find out right now. And now, we have to make a deal with the Devil. Yeah, no big deal. Classic trial by combat situation. We got our champion, Dylan Bostic. All he's got to do, win the match. One, two, three, and we're home safe. The only man that would take the job to protect us from the devil himself telling boss like you mentioned pat there's probably about five or six other guys we'd rather have in this position but we'll take bossing i guess not only are all of our souls on the line the office championship wrestling championship presented by Natural Light is also on the line no I'll see you in hell Pat the goddamn Easter Bunny's out here what the hell's he doing here these are buddies obviously here to help Dylan Bostic! Wait a minute! No! No! No! The Easter Bunny has been on the devil's side this whole time! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! What the hell is Jesus Christ doing here? The power of Christ is compelling Dylan Bostic! Look at this, Pat! Jesus Christ is bringing Bostic back to life! Jesus is going insane! And now Bostic's kicking wholesale ass in the ring! Jesus Christ has come to help Dylan Bostic defeat the devil and defeat the Easter Bunny. What's going to happen here? Good God Almighty, it looks like he's going up in the scissor lift. Jesus is lifting the scissor lift. Jesus is now telling Bostic to come down from the heaven. Don't do it, Bostic. Don't do it. Oh, my God. Bostic's deadostick's dead! He's dead! You can't tell from home but that scissor lift is about eight stories up, Pat! Eighty feet in the air! Oh wait! He's tuning up the band! The devil! Superkick! Into the casket! The devil goes down! The devil goes down! Jesus! He shuts the casket Jesus shuts the gasket! Shut back the hell! The Devil goes straight back to hell where he belongs! With the assist from Jesus Christ of Nazareth! Dylan Bostic saves the PMI offices' souls and wins the OCW Championship! The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young please seek permission before watching any further. This show sticks in the fact that you listen we are very very thankful for it the all-time leading tackler for the green bay packers you pig your friends other friends something nice could change their life hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this Playoff Wednesday, May 8th, 2024. Hour 2 of the sports program starts now! Sports! Our wonderful, even the debate about sports, playing other sports and sports being the greatest of all time is not debatable. The Talks at Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. USA! USA! USA! What a shirt. Thank you. I appreciate that. There's one thing we can all agree on is if it was a country versus country, NBA versus NFL, we're beating the piss out of everybody. Think about that. Riddle me that. Hey, Europe, put together a football team. Go ahead, all your countries as one, and then come over and play. So flag football is becoming an Olympic sport, I do believe. So we're about to kind of see a version of football that isn't actual football, but it is enough of football for football fans to get behind it against other countries. And I've heard about academies and other play. Like Germany, I think, has some. I think England has some academies. They're learning football since they were like little kids. Yep. When I grew up, I grew up playing soccer. So I hated when everybody was like, well, America's so far behind on soccer and they're never going to be able to catch up. It's like I've been playing since I'm three years old. So how far behind am I versus some other country? I versus some other country. I felt like it was an excuse. I felt like it was a bullshit excuse. But with football, legitimately, they are far behind. What do they even call it? At this stage of things. But at basketball, they are... Yeah, they're catching up. Hey, that video, Luca posted a video giving respect to the environment, I don't know, maybe in Serbia. I'm going to find it right now because it is that good it was amazing watching what they have done with basketball internationally it just you know flares and shit the chanting oh yeah and how loud it is it's like basketball has become an international sport yeah very quickly and they've become very powerful oh yeah i mean you look at the league right now sga greek freak obviously joker lucre like they're joel like joel and b like, they are definitely catching up. But, you know, I still take our five. Yeah. NFL's five? Well, both. NFL and NBA. Okay, yeah. Yeah, we're going to win the Olympics. No matter what. Yeah, so don't be doing anything stupid in other countries and acting like you're going to beat us because you're not. Because LeBron's playing. He's going to be coaching Los Angeles Lakers. It seems like that's really gaining. Yeah, that's gaining some traction. That's gaining a lot of steam. It feels like he's the only guy potentially that could maybe do this at this stage of the entire LeBron thing. I guess. I just don't know. What do you mean you don't know? Nothing against J.J. Redick, but it's just like if you're coming in and it's basically like, listen, you're the head coach, but the plan is you're going to do just whatever the hell LeBron says. The Flintropics, bro. And you're going to draft his son. Sure, I get it, but what happened to the Flintropics? They didn't make it. Yes. They didn't make it. They won the Flint Michigan Mega Bowl, but they did not make it to the NBA. They won fourth place. Okay, is that good enough? If the Lakers were to win fourth place right now, they would be jacked. Vogel won a championship, and they said, you know what? You sawed off son of a bitch. Get out of town. That wasn't good enough. Okay, we won 60 games. We should have won 70 games with that roster. What about Darvin Ham? What'd they say to him? They basically just said, like, hey, listen a little long in the tooth, but he's still an absolute dog. And, yeah, Anthony Davis maybe just gets hurt all the time and doesn't show up in fourth quarters. But guess what? Stop bitching. Figure it out. Oh, wait, you can't? Get the fuck out of here. Okay, good ending. Good self-censorship there by Ty Schmidt. I didn't expect that. One half of the hammer down. Cowboys, 10 digs. Didn't plan on talking about LeBron and the Lakers, but this is sports media. You were saying JJ's just going to be his puppet. Isn't that all of LeBron's coaches? For sure. Oh! Besides Spoh. Sorry, besides Spoh. Well, you've seen Spoh, haven't you? You've been at a game where Spoh's drawn up some big plays. Spoh has proven himself. I literally saw Spoh. This is my own damn eye. Yeah, this is live in person, brother. This isn't a story. This is my own eye. I'm front row right behind the heat bench during the playoffs back whenever the Pacers were playing the heat for like three, four straight years. I'm sitting right behind. They call a timeout. Now, maybe that, I think Pacers called a timeout. So maybe the heat had nothing to say but we got to act like we're doing a timeout spole actually held the dry erase board like this 30 seconds and then uh timeout ended all right and they just went back eight on three i've never been more i was so flushed i'm like so how much of this is just bullshit whenever i'm watching the games because it seemed as if he was like all right gotta just act like we're at least thinking here and i think lebron sat down on this side, and they were just hanging out. And then they get in, and they just go back out there. I'm like, oh, they didn't have shit to say. They just kind of do enough. One time, I was a scorer. Like you said, Spoh was proving himself. He would end up winning. Yeah. Yeah, he would end up winning in the whole thing. Because LeB The Pacers are going to do the Knicks tonight. You cheating ass, big city, coastal elite bums over there in New York City. Hopefully Tyrese shows up. Okay. He's probably talking to T.J. McConnell right now like, Yo, T.J., we need 30 points tonight because I got nothing. Whoa. Is that an impression? Was that an impression of Tyrese Halliburton? No, I don't have the two-voice thing. But maybe Reggie there will wake him up a little bit. Bruce Brown had Tyrese Halliburton's jersey in a trash can right over here. I saw that. The gourd on this guy. Yeah, you guys get the refs to help you in game one. Then you put the guy's jersey in the trash can. You're a real piece of trash, Bruce Brown. TJ McConnell is really my Game 2. He's a problem coming off the bench. A ton of energy. Easy Yenzer. Yenzer last night for New York helped out as well. Game winner in overtime. 12-year NFL vet. An absolute stallion on football fields and in the booth. New song, All the Smoke coming out on 21st. Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Jones. Pac-Man, good conversation about the NBA and the NHL in the first hour. And then, obviously, we squeezed in the NFL-NBA thing. You asked Shams which player does he think in the NBA would be able to go to the NFL. Which NFL player do you think is most suited to head over to the NBA right now? We're not talking old time. We're talking current players because we have some highlights for you if you want to look at them before you make your judgment. I can wait to make my judgment i got a couple off the top of my head go ahead i think t higgins can go okay hold on we have a t higgins highlight i believe from high school this dude's like duncan from the foul line hi okay he's explosive now he would end up focusing on football and become a weapon and make it to the nfl but it feels like he potentially had a little bit of ability size in athleticism maybe would have made it to the NFL, but it feels like he potentially had a little bit of ability size and athleticism. Maybe would have made it to the NBA if he gives it a go. He was 15th ranked coming out of high school when he chose football over basketball. It's pretty good. 15th is pretty good. Yeah, and we got sold out. Jim's waiting for him to go hot. I think that's through the legs of our cradle. Remember, not too long ago, we had terrible cameras now we should really enjoy where we're at how about uh anybody else are you thinking i would say miles garrick but i am not gonna go give me one why why you know why you're gonna say miles garrick i actually don't mind miles garrick pick out of the entire list that dan orlovsky put out oh miles garrick at least made sense yeah because we've seen a video derrick henry made a lot of sense too though well he's got power Dan Orlovsky Listed off 30 football players that just came to his mind He might have put Who's the most popular 30 football players on earth He's put it out there Like TJ Watt, we're not 100% sure He's getting six fouls He's playing some defense You'll see him in the paint But I don't know if he's necessarily our representative For this entire thing Miles Garrett on there, we've at least seen him do his thing. And we've seen how athletic he is. I've seen him jump over an offensive lineman. It's like Myles Garrett, if he was to focus on the NBA, could he become a basketball player? Maybe he has the size. Could be able to figure it out. George Kittle, obviously, you're going to want him on the bench and in the defensive side of the court. Sure. He's chirping. He's smacking the ground. Yep. I appreciate Orlovsky just going, yeah, here's 30 NFL guys. It's the offseason. Here's humans you need to remember. But his list made the argument worse for about four or five seconds. It did. And everybody was like, oh, Orlovsky back with that stupid shit again. Yeah. And everybody just moved along. Yeah. Didn't slow us down. Jalen Ramsey's on that list. And I, you know, obviously have incredible respect for how athletic he is. But I had not seen him play basketball. Hey, Jalen moves very, very, very, very smooth and can shoot. And obviously, whenever we're thinking about athleticism, you talk about DBs. I should have expected this out of Jalen Ramsey. I had not seen this video. I had not seen him play. Wet jumper. Defense aside, he'll be able to walk down. That's literally what DBs do. And then he can get to the rim no problem seemingly against a bunch of, you know, potential LA Fitness or whatever this is. You know, that's NBA defense though. They don't start playing defense until the playoffs in the NBA anyway. But I think a couple rookies should have been on that list. Cooper DeGene and Keon Coleman. Oh, Keon Coleman video hit the internet last night, him playing basketball. And not only is he hysterical, wears Macy's jackets, but he's pretty violent around the rim. And, yeah, I mean, there's a lot of guys that have a lot of basketball highlights. And I assume a lot of the NBA guys will just pull up their high school highlights. But what we're saying is these dudes are all in the league right now, and if you were to drop them in there, give them a month or two, we could find a spot on the court for them. They're not going to be stars of the team, maybe. Hell, Jalen Ramsey might just decide to take it over. You never know. Miles Garrett might say, hey, I'm the alpha. Keon Coleman might do the same damn thing. Play, D1, MS That's what we're talking about. Real minutes, too. Not just like fake minutes. Real minutes at MSU. Got offered at Kansas to play both football and basketball. You go to Kansas to play basketball, you're pretty much going to the league. I mean, Hutch would go get you 20 and 10 for any team in the NBA. See, you're doing Dan Orlovsky. No. Yeah, you're doing Dan Orlovsky. Here's big guys that got good work ethic. They can Basketball, Dan Orlovsky said. Tyree's skill is 5'9". And I love Tyree. He's the fastest man on the planet. But, I mean, Isaiah Thomas is 5'9". He's been trying to play in the NBA for the last five years, and no one will give him a call. Yeah, but he played, but dropped 50. That's why he's out of the league because he's too small now. Joining us live from Manatee's head. Ladies and gentlemen, A.J. Hawker. Hawker, that conversation certainly got lively last night on the internet. I don't know if you caught up with it. Yeah, I didn't. Going over Dan's list, I mean, what a Dan list. What'd you say? Like, here's some hard working white guys. They'll figure it out. Yeah, well, not only hardworking white guys because obviously it's not an entire list of white people. I don't even know if there's 30 white people that we could put on an NFL list at this stage of the game. But whenever you're talking about Dan Orlovsky putting lists together, it's like, okay, probably going to be ass, going to be trash, but he's going to triple, quadruple down on it. And he He's going to feel like he's in the right. Then he's going to go shopping with his wife, post a video about being pissed about just wanting to play sports. And the next thing that's coming is, wait until you hear about the food I ate. It had flavor. That's Dan Orlovsky football. And that's why we love him. That's why we love him. Obviously, that conversation took place on the internet. Wow. Playoffs were happening. The NBA had two blowouts, 20-point wins. The NHL, though, had two overtime games, a double overtime game and an overtime game. The NHL playoffs have been magnificent, and there's been a man on the coverage for ESPN who is a 16-time All-Star. Jeez. That's got to be wrong. Wasn't in the league for 16 years. No, no. He was an All-Star 16 times. 25 years in the NHL. Six-time Lord of Winner. Ladies and gentlemen, he has a lot of nicknames. Mark Messier. Yay, Moose! How are you? Hey, boys, good to be out of here. Hey, so they call you the captain, they call you Moose, they call you Mess, they call you everything. I just want to let you know, when we're reading through your damn stats, holy shit, what a life. Mess, what a life. You have crushed it. And I'm thankful that ESPN has given you a platform to kind of break down these games. You guys have been great all year, especially in the playoffs. Let's talk about the playoffs. Hey, the Rangers. Okay, here we go. Carolina Hurricanes coming into the playoffs odds on favorites in every sportsbook including ESPN bet to win the Stanley Cup now the Rangers up 2-0 Shesterkin standing on his damn head mess they got a chance to win this entire thing or what are your thoughts on this Rangers team and this series as a whole uh they sure do have a chance to win it all they have looked unbelievable all year um the team has is playing with a lot of chemistry they've been together long enough to have that kind of knack of knowing where each other is off the ice you can just see the way that they play the game, the way they interact with each other on and off the ice there's a chemistry that happens with a team that is staged to win a Stanley Cup and the Rangers have that right now it's easy to see from the outside when you're at the games when you're watching your interviews when you see the things that they do and the way they play they are poised to win a Stanley Cup they got all the ingredients that it takes to win a Stanley Cup they got the great goaltending they got the defense they got the high-powered offense up front their specialty teams are probably as good as there is in the league. So they are all systems going. One of the things I really like about the Rangers right now, they probably got as much toughness and balance on the team that they had in a long time, maybe since 1994. So they're never going to get pushed out of the game right now. Yeah, the Rampire State Building has brought in a lot of electricity, and obviously he has all eyes on him. But there's other hands flying for that Rangers team. flying for that Rangers team. And you brought up something we talk about in the NFL. It's like, I love that. Yeah, absolutely. There's never been a, yeah, shout out me, dude. Shout out me. I love that. There's never been a good team in the NFL that didn't like each other. Every good team I've ever been on in football or any sport, they've all liked each other. I think that's what you're referring to, way they interact. It's seemingly chemistry through the roof, camaraderie. The boys like each other. They're playing for each other as well. That's big in the NHL, too. For me, I've never been involved in a team that's been successful that didn't have that attribute that the players really care about each other on and off the ice. They're willing to go to war in a way with each other, willing to sacrifice. They're willing to do the work uh on and off the ice to prepare to win uh winning it doesn't happen uh because the playoffs start in in the spring uh winning starts it's a culture it's a way of life and it starts in september in training camp and then it goes all the way through the 82 games and the rangers and the other teams as well have been trying to do this for a lot of years now but the rangers in my, are a team that's been knocking on the door for a couple years. They suffered a harsh setback last year. They got punched in the nose when it wasn't expected, but they came back this year with more resolve, and it's showing so far during the regular season, and it's showing in the playoffs to this point anyways. We're talking a six-time Stanley Cup winner, Mark Messier. Go ahead, AJ. Mark, what do you think it would mean for that city? I'm sure we know New York City with the Knicks, Rangers. What's going on? You know firsthand what it's like to win a cup there. What would it mean, you think, to the city right now after all this time? Yeah, well, you see what's happening back in 1994. You saw what happened back in 1994 with the Rangers winning and the Knicks going to the finals and the unfortunate losing, but the city was on fire because of both teams. Madison Square Garden, you know, 80 degrees yesterday. The atmosphere was electric in the building again. And, you know, when you've got both teams playing that are easy to cheer for, I use the word, the term that the teams are easy to cheer for because they've got a lot of character on the team. The players are likable. They've done a great job in the community on and off the ice. And so I think for the fan base, this is incredibly exciting. You know, it's been almost 30, well, it will be 30 years this spring for the Rangers since we won in 1994. So I think the time is right now for the Rangers. I think this is a great opportunity for them. They've got all the components that you need in order to win and if they can do it again, that Canyon of Heroes will look fun again. Hey, hell yeah. Hey, Moose, you know, a big part of it, you bring up, they've got everything going for them. There's another team in the East that's got the very important part of playoff hockey, seemingly as a dumbass that watches the goaltending is the real deal go ahead con man yeah moose it feels like the bruins have kind of hit this different level for their team and it all starts with jeremy swayman he's been absolutely phenomenal for these last few games i think he's five and two overall in the playoffs but when you're playing on a team that has a goalie like swayman like igor last night how great is that just for the mentality of the team? Going into tonight for the Bruins because of the way Swayman's been playing, does that just add a massive motivation or a massive assurance like, hey, we got one of the best guys in net back there. We just need to get out there, score a couple goals, and we're going to go back to Boston with a 2-0 lead? Or what's the mentality there for a team when you do have a goaltender in the net like a Jeremy Swayman? Well, I was fortunate in my career through the 25 years that I played to have that kind of goaltending, starting with Grant Feuer and Andy Moog at Edmonton. Oh, Moog! Oh, yeah. And then Billy Ranford taking us to our fifth cup in Edmonton, and, of course, Mike Richter and Glenn Richter in New York. So it's everything. The goalie is the backbone of the team. There's a reason why you follow the goalie onto the ice every game, because you know that the goalie, in so many ways, can give you confidence the way he plays. It allows the team to play freely, because you know you're going to get the stops that are required in order to win and uh the character of the goalie is incredible they have the preparation that they have to do in order to play each and every game uh it rubs off on the team and um i always you know i always have so much reverence for the goalies that i played with that we've won with and uh and of course now you're seeing it again with boston you're seeing it with shisterk and you're seeing it with the teams at um ottinger and dallas anybody that's still playing right now is get obviously getting great goaltending but for boston to your question um you know they had to stare down the barrel of the gun uh in game seven against a stubborn leaf team and you look at each other in the eye and you say is this this, you know, can we keep moving here? Can we keep going? Are we done for another year? And they got past the Leafs, and now they seem to have gotten even more confidence backed by an incredible goaltender by Swayman. I mean, he looks rock solid in there. And, you know, they came off a tough seven-game series. They got a rested Pantherther team and they were able to go in there and win that game and they did not look tired we'll see what the rest of the series looks like but panthers are going to have their hands full with sueyman and the team playing with as much confidence they have been you hockey people created standing on his head that's uh that's a hockey thing because i think they use it in soccer and any other thing that involves a goal because that's it literally first thing you think this guy's staying on his head. Like last night, 54 saves. 54. That is so many saves. And then a couple massively timed ones as well. And then you think about the game one for the Bruins a couple nights ago. 40 seconds into that game, there's a SportsCenter top 10 save. It's like that is huge for the entire team, for the entire confidence of the night. Goal tending doesn't get talked about until playoffs. It really, it's like playoffs is when it comes late. Tommy Barrasso, Ken Regan brought so much happiness to Pittsburgh. And Marc-Andre Fleury, he came in and like won over the entire city. It's like in the big games, it's the goalie that seemingly can become the hero quickly. And it's a beautiful thing. Now, let's go back through your life a little bit. DeButt's got a question for you. Yeah, Mark, four of us up here went through, you know, obviously high school, college, and then jumping to the pros. I read that you skipped major, junior hockey, and collegiate all together and went straight to the pros. What was that transition like? And was it a real welcome to the to the league i asked austin matthews this and he was like oh yeah my first game i scored five six goals i believe what was your welcome to the league moment as a rookie that wasn't my trajectory trust me uh in fact it was back in 1978 79 or 72 when the uh wha a a rival league formed called the world hockey association. And, uh, and back in 78, uh, 79, they started signing underage players to play in it before they got to the NHL draft as competitors, uh, that team or that league eventually folded. And so I have the distinction of being the youngest player in sports to pull two different franchises. I played five games for the Indianapolis Racers, and they folded, so I came home and kept playing junior hockey. Then I went and played for Cincinnati, 48 games, and then they folded that year, and then that's when I went into the draft of the NHL. I scored one goal my first year in pro, and we got hemmed in our own zone, finally got the puck, and I dumped it down the ice and changed. And so when the goal actually went on the ice, went into the goal, I was on the bench. Nice. That was my introduction to professional hockey. And then, of course, got drafted by the Oilers, and the rest was history. But, yeah, I didn't finish grade 12. I went to play professional hockey as a 17-year-old. And so a much different trajectory nowadays than most of the kids where they can either go play major junior hockey and get drafted as 18-year-olds and go in there, or you can go to college route and obviously play four years in college. I don't know how many 17-year-olds in the 70s were like, yeah, I'm ready to go play professional hockey or not. But that would obviously lead to a 25-year career, 16-time All-Star. And then whenever you're playing with the Oilers, you're behind Wano, right? You're second center behind Wano, and you win four cups there? And then you win – We won four with Wayne, and then Wayne got traded, and we won the fifth cup in 1990 a couple years after he was traded so it was it was an incredible experience in Edmonton in my hometown I got drafted right to Edmonton which was I grew up in I knew every person in that crowd for for the 12 years that I played there was amazing yes hey thank you for what you did for hockey. Unreal. Happy you said as a high schooler. I don't know what the... 17 years old. Yeah, grade 11, I believe. Yeah, yeah. Year 11, excuse me. Grade 11. Oh, I left in November of my grade 12 year. Grade 12. There it is. Grade 12 year. Of course, grade 12. Do you say oven or oven, Moose? Oven, oven. Thank you. Jeez. He's got a brain. Out and about. Okay. All right. What was the... Against. Against. Against, yeah. A team's playing against another team, or are they playing against another team? I say against. I love it. Not that Canadian. PK. PK comes on here, and he's just, I mean, the amount of accent. He said oven for oven. He said oven for oven at one point, PK. And I know you guys have a great relationship, obviously, because of TV. We've got a great relationship. He's fun to work with there. Every once in a while there, I've got to sit him down and really kind of teach him the ropes here and there. But he's an interesting guy. He loves what he's doing. He's really trying to make a career of it. And I'll tell you, for the career that he had, he really loves the game. And I think it's really – and he was a tremendous competitor. I mean, you think about the Montreal Canadiens and having to go up against Milan Lucic for all those years in Boston, all the tough players. And he was a heck of a competitor, and it showed on the ice. And he's taken that same kind of competitiveness into his new career with ESPN, and he's been great to work with. Yeah, we've enjoyed it. I mean, he had six different teams merge on today. He was cheering for the Knicks and the Celtics. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. The flavor of the week. Yeah, night maybe. Not even a week. It's the flavor of the hour. The flavor of the night. Pac-Man has a question for you, Moose. Moose, the other night it was a really tough call in overtime. Do the refs normally control the game, which ended up costing Carolina to lose the game? Did you agree with the call or did you not agree with the call? And officiating in hockey as a whole, I think, as well. That's a great question. You know, I always have a hard time, you know, getting down on the referees. They've got an amazingly tough job. We've seen in the past there at times like that where referees can actually swallow the whistle and not call anything which actually in a different way affects the outcome of the game when penalties should have been called i think there has to be a little bit of a allowance for certain penalties at certain times a game that weren't directly related to a scoring chance. And that infraction happened out by the blue line. There was no danger from one team or another scoring. I thought that it was more of a push than a cross check. I thought it was a battle for the puck. And the outcome was probably one that if we had to have back over again, we might have called it differently. Probably one that if we had to have back over again, we might have called it differently. Certainly the explanation from the NHL and the rule books states that you could deem that a penalty. I think that's a discretionary call, in my opinion. And I didn't like to see the game ended in that fashion. Obviously, I'm a little biased to the Rangers, so I'm happy they won the game. But I think if I put my hat on for the Carolina fans and their organization, the coaches and the players, you know, to end the game on that seemed to be a little bit off. And unfortunately, but I will say on this flip side of that, you guys, is that you are going to get over a seven-game series. You're going to get some good calls that go your way. You're going to get some bad calls that go your way. But over the seven-game series, the better team will eventually win and they'll overcome any bad calls that come their way there. Carolina has their work cut out for them. They're not playing very disciplined right now, taking too many penalties. And their penalty killing is being way too aggressive. They've got to really settle the penalty killing is being way too aggressive. They got to really settle the penalty killing down. The Rangers' power play is clicking at an all-time high right now. It's incredibly efficient. And they got some players that will pick you apart if you give them the opportunity. And so far, the Rangers have done that. And it's been the difference in this series. Yeah, power play is a big weapon, especially in the overtime at that particular period, especially when people are playing well. The ref thing that you mentioned there about it going your way and going the other way, we've actually heard mic'd up refs in hockey. I actually appreciate the way NHL and hockey is officiated. You guys view them as humans and having human emotion and how like, yeah, we are going to call one early on this particular team, maybe if they're acting a little bit ridiculous because it's like flow of the game and like it's kind of understood, right, in hockey that that's how the refs are. And has it been like that forever? Is that just kind of how it's always been with the refs? And every referee is different. There are different people and they're going to see the game differently. And you've got to adjust. You've got to be able to adjust to every referee that plays. And i always like the referee or one or two referees that continued on throughout the series there because you could kind of get a feel of how they were going to call the game and you could also they understood that the game within the game that was happening like a guy like brempi and getting into someone's kitchen or getting into the crease or seveshikov hitting and taking out stirkin last night so they get to know the nuances that are happening in the series and they can adjust to it themselves. And I agree with you. I think that the referees do such an amazing job because they really know the game. And more importantly, they know the game within the game, which you guys all know about being in sports. There's a lot of things that are happening away from the puck. There's a finite amount of ice a room on the ice and every player has got to go to a certain area on the ice in order to score a goal and it's my job to get not let you get into that area on the ice and so it becomes a test of wills and who wants to get to that space more and who's willing to stay there and take the punishment to stay there so there's a lot going on all inside the context of a hockey game, not just what you actually see the players going up and down the ice. There's internal battles going on, and that's what makes playoff hockey, in my opinion, so incredibly special, is that because it's not for the faint of heart. You've got to be willing to pay the price to get in those hard areas. You've got to be willing to embrace the pain, as we've been hearing so much about this playoff season. So it's fascinating, the matchups, Carolina going home now, making the adjustments. This is strategic warfare. This is physical warfare. This is, like I say, not for the faint of heart. It's the teams that are willing to kind of be able to change and pay the price in order to win will eventually get there. Hell yeah, Moose. The speed, the skill, the intricacies, the strategy, the Barnes. I mean, NHL playoffs are magical. Growing up in Pittsburgh, I was lucky, especially during the era in which I grew up. It's like, okay, I got to experience playoff hockey, not only from in the building, but the city itself. It's like, here we go. And the NHL, hey, ratings through the roof right now, Moose. Last night, two overtime games. The NBA had two 20-point blowouts. Let's go. Let's go, Moose. The NHL right now and the amount of talent in the league and the parity in the league, every night you never know who's going to win, which makes it so compelling. The 16 teams that make the playoffs now, you've got to have a tremendous 80-game regular season just to make the playoffs. It's not like you can just throw your hat in the ring. Sounds like you just took a shot at Pittsburgh, Moose. I get it. Okay? I get it. Yeah. Okay. It's all fun and games. The era's over, Moose. We get it. We're dead. We're dead. Hey, look, they've had a pretty darn good run. I don't think there's a league that – there's not a team in the league that wouldn't take their success in Pittsburgh. Amen. Hey, from your mouth to the Lord's ears, amen. We appreciate the hell out of you. Hopefully we'll get a chance to chat with you again as the playoffs roll on. I look forward to coming back on. Thanks for having me, you guys. You're the man. What's the TCU connection? My daughter. Just got admitted to TCU, so I went to where I have in support of my daughter. She's very excited. Hey, congratulations. Congratulations, yeah. The new, it's the, what is it? Two of them, right? Horned Frogs. Yeah, I think you do this one. I think this is the play. I think you're going to see a lot of this. Two-seam fastballs? Uh-uh. Horned Frogs. That's what we're talking about right here. We appreciate you, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 16-time All-Star, Mark Messier. Yeah, dude. Legend. Holy shit. 25 years in the NHL. That's asinine. Six cups. I mean, that's... Yeah. So, four as second center with Waino there. And then Waino leaves, trades to LA. Then he goes, bang, and wins one there. Then he goes to New York, bang, wins one there. It's like, hey, this dude's a real deal. He's a winner. They call him the captain. That's just what people call him. This is the captain. You've got to carry yourself with some incredible class for everybody just to be like, this is the captain. This is the guy. You hear him talk on ESPN. He still loves the sport. You know him with his feet. Looks great. He's looked like that for the last 30 years, I feel like, that they've done the age. And you've got W great one on tnt then you got moose on espn it's like hockey's being represented by hawk like oh yes and biz is beloved yep and then and then pk yeah i mean it's like you're right great time for hockey you're right here we go here we go spitting chiclets obviously yeah massive at the same damn time because whitney you know he's photoshop enthusiast yeah he knows how to work in AI. Yeah. Well, almost too good. Yes, I would agree. Because they say hockey players rock for brains. Yeah. Whitney figured out the AI quickly. He did. Very quickly. The prompts, yeah, what to say. Yes, clearly he did. Yeah, but they, you know, the whole entire hockey world right now is up. So, congrats, hockey. Hell yeah. Great sport, hockey. Great sport. We talk about it with the Jets and Rodgers. Winning in New York, you're like a king in New York forever. I feel like Moose is the perfect example of that. Bruce could probably speak more to it, but that was the last time he mentioned it. 30 years and they haven't won shit since Moose was wearing that C. Yeah, it's years and they haven't won shit since moose was wearing that c yeah guys have just kind of been a waste of energy yeah oh you uh rangers fan just waste the khakis on a good night master square garden it is big time wasted some nice pleated khakis for those rangers nights at the garden but yeah i know it's been a crazy drought for both the knicks and the rangers this is the best i've i've ever seen them even through those longquist years um and carmelo anthony years years, neither team has been this electric. Jalen Brunson's going. Dude, go away. Awesome, just go. His over-under tonight is 37.5. People thought that Halliburton was better than him. Can you believe that? Sit up. Oh, Bruce. Disrespect. I threw a Halliburton. Bruce is confident. You would think not being good for so long might humble some people, but a long night humble some people, but not New Yorkers. No way! Nope, not a chance. No way! Not us! Nope. They say. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man who's incredibly humble. So humble that he's still working out as if he's an actual NFL player. Because he only knows one thing, and that's working his ass off. Is he going to be an actual NFL football player again? There's some smoke coming from that particular story from numerous people now. I do know he owns a soccer team that is not getting relegated in the Premier League, I've heard. Ladies and gentlemen, guy who buried Austin Rivers on the internet yesterday, J.J. Wong! Yeah, J.J.! Okay, we got Miller Lite. Can we put the Dix thing up, please? What's going on? Can we put the Dix thing up, please? Can we put the Dix thing up there? All right. And J.J., can we put J.J. on screen as well? Put it in the ball time trailer. Just get A.J.'s teeth in there. That's what Dix wants. Oh, oh, oh. That's right. Really nice smile. There it is. We got Dick's House of Sport. We got Miller Light Don here. We got Bernie up here. We got some dude wipes right there. I'm just saying, we are in the middle of deep JJ business right now. Can we maybe, do we have Boomer and what's his face, jerseys and a wrap? Jerseys do belong in the rafters. Legends. Absolute legends. I'm tired by you. All right, we're good, we're good. JJ, thank you for joining us, especially after you murdered a man on the internet last night. The NBA-NFL conversation obviously was very loud. Your tweet was being echoed by basically every network in sports to kind of prove, you know, this is how dumb this conversation even is. The guy that said this, as J.J. Watt said, you don't have a job in the early, you bum. Why don't you go try this entire thing out? Now, J.J., to his credit, I would like to say this for that particular one got four and a half million views. His apology, you know, I'll be 100% honest. I did something I hate when people do to me. I commented on a headline without watching the video. I thought you were saying you could play in the NFL, so I came in hot, want you to prove it. I'll earn that and apologize. That's on me. That's awesome. Wow. 6,000 people saw that. Oh, that's it. 6,000 people saw that particular apology. So, you know, it's the way it goes. And I appreciate that little string of events there. But that conversation got very heated last night by NFL guys, I think, because, like, toughness mentality wasn't really being talked about in the talent situation. Is that right, JJ? I mean, like, the funny thing about my tweet, which obviously I have since apologized for after seeing the complete video, but the funny thing about it was I never said he was wrong. There's a pure logistics conversation here where NBA players are tall as shit. The biggest NFL guys are 6'6", which is like shooting forward or something in the NBA, so you have to have incredible skill to be able to play at that height. Like, I'm not saying – He's a forward, but an asshole. I don't know. He's a hockey guy. I don't know what's going on. So, like, but anybody who says they could play corner, anybody who says an NBA player could play corner is wrong. Cornerback is possibly – besides quarterback that has to manage everything, cornerback is the hardest position to play in the NFL. That is such a difficult task, and I don't think anybody's giving them any pressure. Way to go, D-Bot. In terms of basketball, like I said, could I go out there and give you six fouls and maybe luck into a rebound? Sure. But am I going up over Wemby for a board? No. I'm 6'6". He's 7'15". So I'm not catching a board. Could I blow up a shot at some point? Sure. Could I try and play hard effort, good defense? Sure. But I don't have the skill set. And I'm sure there are some phenomenal basketball players that are currently playing in the NFL. But I mean if you're actually subjectively looking at it, his original point might not be wrong. 30's a lot. 30's a lot. And it's like, what do they have to accomplish in the NFL? We talked earlier. Andy Reid could draw up a play for a 6'10 guy to score a touchdown. Yeah, Andy Reid could figure that out. Especially with Travis on the field and Xavier Worthy. And if Rasheed Rice makes it to training camp and isn't in jail in Dallas, which we're all hoping, he gets the hell out of that city. Let's go. You've got a great career ahead of you. We can do all this dumb shit later if you want to. And then when you get later, you won't do it. But if you were to have all those guys on the field and then you just got a seven-footer on the other side, Andy Reid, Patrick Mahomes can figure out how to get you a touchdown. Now, that's a situation. Are you doing training camp? Are you doing practice? Do you have to play in other plays to get to that particular? You know, there's so many little dynamic. And then on the other side of it, we got some 6'1 corners that I assume on defense aside could lock down, could spot open. They're not going to be in the mix, but there's been a lot of people in basketball that maybe guys are, but there's been a lot of guys in basketball, especially in the NBA, where, hey, you are on that side. You're just standing over there. You might get a shot. Maybe we knock it down. It You might get a shot Maybe we knock it down So it's an incredible conversation to have 30 feels like a lot of NBA guys that could come over To the NFL though Especially because there isn't that many NBA guys And you've got to think about professional athletes Like how much time and effort And energy and dedication you're giving To that sport So throughout all of college Throughout the entire professional career You are working on nothing but that For football players we've been working on nothing but football Throughout all of college, throughout the entire professional career, you are working on nothing but that. For football players, we've been working on nothing but football throughout all of college, throughout the entire NFL. Same with basketball players. I don't think this argument is properly giving enough credit to either sport and how insanely difficult it is. I always go back to I was 100% confident I could be a keeper in professional soccer given enough time. And my wife, literally, I told her, and she goes, you're an idiot. She's a professional soccer player herself. And she said, you're an idiot. So we set up a field out in the backyard. We grabbed a ball. We put our cleats on. We went back out there. And I am an idiot. These sports are so much more difficult at the highest level than anybody gives them credit for. And everybody sits on their couch, even us professional athletes about other professional sports, sit on our couch and say stupid shit. Like, I told you guys yesterday, one of my favorite things, and this is why, this is part of the reason. I'll tell you the full story why I sent that to you. Okay, please. I was in the gym. Yeah, you were getting out there. He had six plates. I FaceTimed this asshole. He just got done with his set. And we're not talking about just like, hey, we're doing squats, just keep the mobility. I think he had five plates on each side. That's what that was, right? Yeah. I was trying to, it was in the background. I This guy's got five plates on each. It was bananas when you were squatting. What? So I just finished my workout. I open my phone. I'm scrolling around. My buddies, I have a group text with my buddies, and I see this text, and they're like, look at this guy. He thinks he can play in the NFL. So I just finished squatting. Obviously, pure meathead mentality. You're hyped up. You got the adrenaline flowing. And I flowing and I'm like yeah this guy can't play in the who does he think he is he could play in the NFL were you gonna block me so I fire up I fire up the tweet I'm like like this good it's a good good response the buyer's like yeah yeah you know you knew what was coming when he said it and I'm like all right so we fired out you just fired out what I had in my head was my college strength coach so her Ben Herbert now with the chargers one of the best strength coaches in the world uh in college i told him one day during the offseason i said i bet with with proper six months of training i could i could start on the offensive line and he goes prove it and i said well i mean how do you want me to prove it he goes well then stop saying stupid shit he's like i can't stand when people say stupid shit and don't back it up. So that's, in my head, what I was thinking when I saw this tweet, because I didn't watch the video for full context, I assumed Austin Rivers said that he could play in the NFL. I just finished squatting, saw the text, sent it out, and then I apologized to a lot less people. Yeah, well, you know, I appreciate you owning it, and that's why you are J.J. Watt. That's right, man. That's why you're J.J. Watt. That's why you're future president of the United States of America. Let's hope. J.J. Watt. I've been drumming that up the last couple days. I hope you know that. I got a lot of years to go until apparently, I got like 60 I can fit that. All right. All right. JJ, we all are confused about how this is what it is. Okay? We all are very confused. We've got to get back to the minimum age. Let's go to like the 36th. 35, yeah. I just turned 37. That's a young guy. I don't know. Yeah, I think 40, 50, you know? It's such an ageist thing for me to say. Yeah, I think 40, 50, you know? Just such an egotist thing for me to say. Yeah, I mean, the world has changed so much. How the hell do they even, you know? We also don't need J.J. squatting and then getting his hands on nuclear codes being all fired up. We need to keep the gym away from the nuclear. What do you guys think? Should I? Did you see what Putin said? Did you see what Putin said? What did he say? What did he say? He was basically asking for it, man. End it. You're right. Maybe too big of a meathead, but I agree with what you're saying. Let's get a little younger, maybe. Yeah, and not even all the way. We can go to, like, Pete Butt. Right in the middle. Who? Pete Butt, Mayor Pete. Is he running? he's right. I mean, what is your problem? I don't know what your problem is. You're taking this conversation to a completely different level. No, I thought he was right. Of course. Anyways, the reason why I brought that up is because the way that you answered the question about playing football again, like you covered all your bases every single answer you gave. And it was like, holy shit. That guy is a politician whenever he's speaking. Because they asked about maybe you having to play, and if four guys get injured, is that what you mean by Nija? And you were like, well, obviously, I hope nobody gets injured. It's like, in the moment, not even hesitating there, saying, obviously, I don't want four guys to get hurt ever. But if that was the case, yes, that is what I'm thinking. As soon as I heard that answer, I'm like, this guy. On it. They couldn't even catch him. They couldn't even catch him. I'm like, oh, you want four guys to be hurt so you can play, huh? Oh, Ring of Honor, J.J. Watt. Didn't even do it. Just covered it quickly. But that answer got a lot of smoke coming out back is that what's taking place or what yeah it's a situation similar to the one we were just talking about where you got to watch the full video for the context i i was asked about it uh i told them the conversation domico and i have had before um and i very clearly in that stated that they have no need or use for me whatsoever right now they have a phenomenal defense built they have a phenomenal team built they're perfectly fine it literally was last year and this year if it came down to an absolute dire situation where they needed somebody to help out i would that then i would do that but that would be the i don't i don't think people fully understood like the how much stuff would have to happen for that scenario to play itself out and it's it's so much what do you mean how much I mean I'm very comfortable and happy like I'm not the point so not the question you know like why not you know we already thought of this coming out of that NRG Stadium tunnel Oh buddy You got the Houston Texans Brand new uniforms with those cool H's on there Houston Texans flag on one hand In one hand United States of America flag in the other Burnley flag off the helmet Running out With three flags We got the Aaron Rodgers clip of him just with one flag. You got three flags with the Bulls in the back going crazy. What about – we don't want – Koa? Koa doesn't deserve to see that? He doesn't want his dad to do that? Koa doesn't deserve to see that? That's what we're thinking about. No, I mean, the thought of it is obviously incredible. And trust me, like any athlete that's retired has always thought about like, what would it be like, man, that feeling is the best feeling in the world. But I think the thing, and the reason I, I mean, I had 12 and a half sacks my last year. Like I, there's, trust me, there's plenty of times where I'm like, you absolutely could have kept doing it. But the reason that I'm okay with everything. And the reason I'm so content with everything is because no matter who you are no matter how successful you are no matter how great of an athlete you are that day is coming no matter what so I'm at peace and I'm comfortable looking back and knowing that my last year I got I had my son I had 12 and a half sacks I had a great time I accomplished a great career and now the time has been the time has come to move on. So the only thing that you would ever come back for now is if the exact right situation happened where you had a chance to do something that you have never done before. And that's the only scenario that would ever bring you out because you also have to look at the opposite side of that and all the bad shit that can happen and all the things that everything... only positive no what are you talking about that's not jj what that's not my president what's that negativity either that's not my president yeah no it's being retired that's the that's the beauty of being retired like i don't you don't have to think like a freaking eternal optimist anymore like yeah i yeah, I'm going to go out. What if you suck? Not going to suck, dude. You're JJ freaking out, brother. I wouldn't. I can tell you that right now. Prove it, bitch. Just like you said. I'm going to prove it in North Carolina here in a couple weeks. See, I try to give myself a talk crap about this soccer tournament. I'm not even. I'm still not confident in my own skills. Hey, did we not? We gave it our best whenever we did that TST schedule reveal show. We were trying our best to talk shit to each other. Now. Ocho Cinco is going to make us both look like idiots, I feel like. How much are you guys playing? I doubt that. Are you guys going to play a lot? I checked that website. That looks like legit soccer. There's no joke. Are you guys going to be playing a lot? Okay, just some information here that I've been going to bed thinking about. Sure. Because my cardio potentially could be called into question in a lot of different situations. It's live subbing, live subbing. So we're talking you could take like a minute. Like jump over the boards? Yes, hockey. Yes, live subbing. Wow, I didn't even know that. Huge, huge. That is huge. That made me, that changed my entire mindset on this TST happening June 5th through the 8th, I believe, in Cary, North Carolina. ESPN will be broadcasting it. I have a team, Concava SC, about to make its world debut down there, filled with, hey, we got guys. We got guys. And as of this morning, we have an assistant slash also head coach, Coach Gumpey. Way to go, Coach. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody. He was given his clipboard this morning and awarded the coaching title for the team. He looks in shockingly better shape than I. I'm going to be perfectly honest with you. I've only seen him neck up on this show ever. In that video. Go fight for him, Gump. No, JJ, start with like you did. Say, I love Gump, but let's keep up the gimmick here. Yeah, that's what you have said every single time you've ever said something. I love Gump in like brackets. I love Gump in like brackets. I love Gump. I mean, but you guys... Who I love is what you said. I love Gump, but I mean, if he's your coach, you're in trouble. I mean, you guys are shooting down a net. You sent me a video yesterday shot a ball into the corner of an empty net from the penalty spot. Did you not see the guarded net? There was a whole net inside the net that was playing goalie. Okay. How many edits? How many cuts did that take? Well, the issue was. How many balls flew straight over the top of that net? Ten of those. There's no gimmicks, no smoke and mirrors over here to see if it's your co-owner. Yeah, bingo. All right, Lando Norris is a big-time stallion, first person to ever win a G1 race, other than Max Vanderstolt. That's right. That happened down there at Miami Grand Prix. But it is, TSD's going to be awesome. He has a team. I have a team. Ocho's playing for Cincinnati's team. I think Chris Paul maybe either owns the league or the team. And this... Donnie. I mean, you're seven feet away from the net. 12 yards, asshole. And you're a professional kicker. You're a professional. You do this for a living. Penalty shot, brother. I've been retired for like eight years, bro. Six years, seven years. I've been retired a long time. That won't go away. Harry Kane, Pat McAfee, put them on the spot. Look great. If I put it on frame, JJ, I do feel like I'm going to have success. And what you said about how many did you put over? Oh, yeah. I mean, we are still battling through, you know, full scent. It was windy yesterday, too. Breezy day. From the ground, too. It was a breezy day. From the ground, too. I've been fun. I've been fun. Tornadoes. It was a tornado day. Our coach, we obviously have a Burnley coach who's coaching our squad. He texted me the other day, and he was like, all right, so I'm setting up our minutes and our plan here. What position do you want to play, and how much are you anticipating playing? I said, buddy, I don't know. As minimal as humanly possible, we have professional soccer players on our team. Put them on the field. My number one goal in this entire tournament is to come out healthy. I don't want ligaments or hamstrings. I haven't played this sport ever. Now I'm going to go out there, and I'm going to – I'm used to running six seconds at a crack. That's what I got for you, six seconds at a pop. Now you're going to ask me to run 20 minutes straight and to jump up in the air and try and head a ball. I don't know what's going to happen. You were talking about what you said. Who do you think scores more goals? Yes. And now all of a sudden it's getting a little bit, it's getting a little more real. Cause we're training. My wife and I are training. We're, we're putting it together and I'm starting to see the difference in sports. Just the different muscles you use, a different stuff you're looking for. And the endurance aspect, you're fine, man. We're doing it tired. It's hard. Yep. We'll see you tomorrow. That Man, when you're doing it tired, it's hard We'll see you tomorrow, that's JJ Watt Goodbye, way to go JJ Way to go JJ That was a good send to the commercial That's why they got Boomer the hell out of there They said we don't need you anymore JJ can send his thing to a hard out if we need it That's a phenomenal thing It is getting very real Don't talk to me about that You push What's your... Well, that's why we're saying it because whatever... Oh, I see. That's why I'm making sure that if we're going to do this, let's make sure we're doing this. Let's make sure this is how this is going to be forever because I feel like companies do potentially change things. So let's make sure we're making sure we're giving proper blame like we got. These shins took some big legendary shots for a month or two. Diesel once with bats. And I think they spent like $1.2 billion a year on college football playoffs or something. Yeah. Where the fuck did that come from? I just saw your ratings today. I saw your ratings today. saw your ratings today uh very very well double digit ratings for like the 15th month in a row increased double digit ratings increased touche phenomenal job everybody on board thank you hey team way to go team thanks jj thank you for acknowledging really enjoy being a part of it i forgot how much i've enjoyed this this is great it's been a little too long since I've been honest yeah you've been doing all your business and pilot stuff president yeah president brother no no he's Boston Bruins fan can't say this is Boston Bruins fan which we're big fans of you can't say what's up brother why not no you know we're acknowledging the travel chief yeah we were acknowledging the travel chief you went with sketch but nonetheless yeah we we appreciate you acknowledging. Roman Reigns. Roman. And the program's success, which I don't even know if it's real. He played football. When everybody else puts out their numbers, we just go, oh, that sounds right. Yeah, sure. Up and to the right, of course, of course. One in every three citizens of the United States of America watch your show, of course. That certainly happened. I believe it. And then when they put ours out, it's like, oh, that's really cool. It feels good. And then I'm immediately like, I hate these things. I have made fun of these things for years now. Now all of a sudden it's directly about us. We're very appreciative of the people, obviously, that pieced this together, did all the numbers. And, you know, this is going to sound absurd and insane. I do not look at basically any of the numbers except for on x i'll see the stuff on x because it's right there can i have soon i have no idea how many people are watching on a daily basis uh and then like once a month i'll look and i'll be like all right still got a show we will move on and then whenever it gets like negotiation time then it's like all right i gotta do a full all right here we go i gotta all our shit all everybody else's shit and we keep it moving because i don't think the number of people that are watching should uh be indicative of what type of show you do like um i don't i don't think that should be you know you're determined oh when we talk about this it does well it's like okay that's a nice little added benefit but like uh also like let's just do a show. We might miss sometimes, and I apologize for that, but every once in a while what you're going to notice is we're just talking about shit that we like happening in the sports world. I think that means more than necessarily anything else. If you're doing forced conversations about shit you don't like, it's like this fucking show is over. This business is over. If we have a force to talk about shit we don't like, it's not going to last long. So I appreciate you bringing it up, and I'm very lucky with the team that we have, but it's weird. It's a weird dynamic. I mean, we talked about ratings. Yeah, if you chase ratings every day, it's not. People do, though. You're chasing ratings. I know. But that's you start doing the crazy bullshit that you just start making stuff up. It's not sustainable. People say we do a lot of crazy bullshit and just make stuff up too. We're having a good time though. That's just because it's fun though. That's because we enjoy that. I'm not doing it for ratings. There's a lot of, for instance, Oh, the turtle though. The racist turtle. Racist ass turtle. Did you hear about this, JJ, when you become president? No, I saw something with turtle, but I don't know. I know nothing about it. Someone tell me. You don't want to know. You don't. When you become president. Kill any turtle you have. Unless it's sea turtle. And if you have a sea turtle and we don't make the rules and I just learned this yesterday oh shit looks a little black there wait a second oh no there's white okay I'll take it it's good what's that there that's a white oh this motherfucker JJ there's more JJ wait wait wait turn it around away no problem no 100 I'm heading back this way no no problems oh I'm sorry that's not me oh oh how about this one look at this this guy just walked into a full room of I hate this I hate it I hate it I hate it what about this one hate it hate it hate it what about this one hate it what the hell yeah get me out of here i need to get to the right side of this thing oh no this motherfucker's still here tell your friends bitch who who was the one who figured this out like who was sitting in their backyard and was like look at this that guy just oh no no no no. No, no. He's all headed too far away. Oh, no. He's hypnotized by how much he's good. Oh, okay. Get him all. Yeah. No problems. Oh, just a little cut. Oh, man. Found the little tiny quarter. That's my new video. That's Nick. Nick covers it up. Off you go. Okay. No problems. Don't you do that again. We got to get our guy a guardian cap. He's going to concuss himself. He's your guy. He's not my guy. He's your guy? Are you going to wear it in the game? You let that. Okay, JJ. Okay. All right. Jeez Louise. CBS. Oh, my God. Yeah, you're right. You're right. I'm going to see that over and over. Anyways, thank you to everybody who watches. We do appreciate it. Hell yeah. I mean, the A Block was us learning that Turtles were racist yesterday, the first hour and the second hour. Had to do it. Now, we don't have blocks because we don't get commercial breaks, which have a sponsor for an hour. Speaking of. That is a wild concept. That is crazy. Every time I'm on here, I always forget that. So it's just the little boxes that you put around that cover it for the whole hour? Yeah, and then also, you know, Dick's House Sport Showcase is the best from top brands in apparel, footwear, and equipment. J.J. Watt is already making himself at home. He's live at Dick's House of Sport right now. Good for you, JJ. I'm not, but I actually did go there the day of my charity softball game because I needed a couple different bats. So I walked right into Dick's, got everything I needed. He literally wants to move into Dick's House of Sport and went right back out and played a little softball game. Literally? Wow, that's weird. You literally did. If you watch the commercial, Kay wouldn't let us do it. What's her deal? She said we can visit, but we can't live there. Is she the CEO? Do you have a wife? Yeah. I wasn't sure who you were talking about. Tell you the truth, JJ. Yeah. My bad. Well, I wasn't sure who you were talking about. Tell you the truth, JJ. AJ, do you smile way more now with your teeth? Have you noticed that? I don't know. I don't know. That's a good question. Well, I've noticed it. You do. Oh, you just noticed the teeth probably, yeah. No, you smile a lot more. You seem a lot more jovial. I thought of you when I was getting it done. Yeah You smile a lot more. You seem a lot more jovial. I thought of you when I was getting it done. Yeah, I thought of you when I was getting it done. I had to. How was it? It was time. I was great. Dude here, Dr. Patel, he's the best. Does it all in-house. Boom. Don't just send anything away. Hold on. Don't put anything on early. Hold on. His up a bunch my face was swollen for like a day or two up top yeah what are we talking like was yours painful uh i i had so much stuff you had to do before you could put in rip a tooth out put an implant in oh you know do some more root canals all that stuff so so aj doesn't feel pain yeah it hurts no i felt it i felt it they don't they don't knock you out or give you any gas that's for sure you gotta be able to get in there and work. I was also hopeful that they did that. They don't. I really wanted them to do that. Are you shitting me? What do you mean? There's on your shit. They just, well, they, no, they just, they numb it with, you know, lidocaine or whatever, novocaine, and then that's it through your face. It goes up and the nerves go up through your eyes and stuff when it hits a nerve. I got hit me with a man. I got to be honest with you. I've had 70-year-old grandmothers do this and they've handled it a little bit better than you are. I'm sorry, man. Those women are impressive. This hurts like a mother. Boys, the grills look good. Yeah. Well worth it. Well worth it. good yeah well they do go look at rigs boys you got there you know strapped in to the uh right into the bone there what's that i don't understand jocks i i don't i don't understand it like right now you go back on uh let's say somebody gets hurt on friday friday they lose all defensive linemen houston texans oh forbid. Sick. They get sick. Heaven forbid. He doesn't want that to happen. You're right. Heaven forbid. Not injury. Yeah, just a stomach bug. We don't want that. Stomach bug. Yeah, they go, tummy's upset. Bad food. Tummy problem. They're playing tummy sticks. Sure. Boys got tummy problems. Just any and just any entire day. Hey, hey, hey. They're in the D-line room at Houston Texans. So that happens. So then all of a sudden, the whole room is out. Okay, that's a Friday. We don't have time to have workouts. Yeah, workouts. We don't have time for playoffs. We don't have time for workouts. Biggest game of the year is coming up on Sunday. That would be a time where you would potentially go and join the Houston Texans. Now, would your teeth survive? Oh, yeah. I don't know how these work. But, yeah, because I thought, like, you couldn't eat certain stuff. You couldn't do – no, it's 100% everything. I don't know how it works. That would be how you would play, though, right there, what I just laid out? I don't know. I mean, I said how it would have to be It would have to be a crazy situation Looking like it's heading towards a very good situation It ain't happening We got E. coli Run like a 1-6 defense JJ on the fucking front line You picked the wrong guy He's snipping the The whole warm up is 20% luck, 15% skill. I mean, that's the other part of it. You don't want it to be that. That's the thing that you don't want it to be. And that's the majority of the reason that I assume it's not going to happen because their team is built very well. They've got a great crew. D'Amico's doing a great thing. Everything's great down there. You don't want to come in and disrupt any of that. You wouldn't be disrupting if you're coming out of this thing. Wow. Look at you. Two flags flying on your helmet. Big Ben a little bit. Well, that's JJ. Do I run like that? Do I run like that? You're being a little bit of a negative picture earlier about what if I suck. I don't know how you run. I don't know what the knee drive arm swing is like right now, but this tunnel is calling your name. Yeah. This fucking bull right here. I think you're coming out of the Ford truck. Yeah, standing on the top of that Ford. If you feel good, TSP, have any place for sure. You'll laugh at this. Let me find it here. This is from the group text of the boys who went down to the beach. If one of us make it, we all make it. I was checking out the form. I was making sure we got the proper drive. See, what the fuck are you doing that for? That's what I'm saying. You're a retired human being. This is for TST? You said you won't play TST? I gotta make sure that when you're at a dead stop and you fire that muscle at the top rate, that sucker's got to be ready to go. I'm not trying to come out here and take an Achilles out. Sure. I got a month. I need something else to work on. Yeah, that's a good idea. I was just going to say that. It's going to go. It's going to go. Don't worry. I need to. No, I'm not worried. It down there in Cary, North Carolina, but I did pull a hammer, remember, just a few weeks back. We have two games in one day. We're playing third. That's the third game. If I make it to the Burnley game, I mean, that's like a real feat. Is it a short field, you said? Six, five yards. Great. That's awesome. Shift, shifting. Take the goalie out of the game. You'll be alright. shifting something. Take the goalies out so we get some goals. You'll be all right. How do you not cheat during a live... Because it's a gentleman's game. Yeah, you'd be honorable. What do you mean cheat? For a million bucks, bro. What are you, fluffing the fucking ball? He's saying you can go in and out of the game as you please. You've got to be off the boards just as he's coming on and you catch the right time. I think you can do that. All right. I just want to make sure that I know all the rules so that I can take advantage of them to the maximum ability of the law. Yeah, this is your coach. Who's your coach? Yeah, you guys aren't. Who's it? A language barrier? Coach Gump. Coach Gump. The group chats are funny because these guys are all obviously coming over from England. So we're like – Oh, you got to buy it. The temperate defense. Jet lag. You got to bring them over early. Yeah, how many days in advance are you bringing the boys over? Start up on toothbrushes. How many lives? No, I mean, you got to go with the NFL mentality that the later you come over, the better the form. That's what it is. That's a bad idea. Not in the summer. Same sport. Yeah, it makes sense. I have a teeth question before we move on. Fire away, bud. Do you guys just hate elephants? Isn't that illegal? I think Tonat said something to me in person about this. I I don't think they use ivory for teeth at least not in Ohio they don't I think it's porcelain right porcelain ivory you guys got toilets in your mouth right now poop mouth so it almost should be a weapon right if you're chomping down a toilet you got toilet teeth fucking dorks there we go. Dorks. Wow. Is that funny, JJ? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You like that one, JJ? Can't wait, buddy. See you in North Carolina, pal. Yes, you will. Look out. Watch those knees, brother. Do you need tickets? I'll get you a ticket. To what? I'll it to what i could get your ticket in the stands no you're not playing you're not an athlete i've been looking for an assistant actually yeah i might be the kit man perhaps who knows have you revealed your uniform yet uh no yeah they are nice though they are really nice i thought fanatics put them out before you wanted to announce them. No, no, no Fanatics deal for this one. Small letters. Bad designs. The match. Seathrow. I'm just asking. I'm just curious. Rip when you slide, tackle. I mean, we do got some great shorts. So, you know, Adidas is the sponsor. You're going with like a three-inch short. I can see like a three-inch short. I mean, we got a guy named Brian Mazza. Maz, he wears these short shorts when he's working out on Instagram. Maz, he's got these short shorts. I mean, he's got three-quarters of his thigh out. Wow. So I'm excited to see the amount of rolls that he puts. I was a shorts roller, though. Yeah, certainly. Certainly a shorts roller. And shirt, obviously, tucked in the front, let it hang in the back so it always looks like I'm being held, you know. Smart. Yeah, absolutely. A little gamesmanship. JJ, you can ask Kay and the coach, you got a uniform from Adidas for like this amount. And I looked. Yeah. We'll pay triple. We got Nike. We got some clean ass. Good decision. Yeah, we got some clean Nike unis. I mean, the boys are going to be buzzing. We got training camp coming up here next weekend. So, you know, I'll have a full report on how the squad's doing i'm looking forward to seeing that what position are you planning to play uh goal scorer i think i'm scoring goals yeah i think i'm scoring goals my touch might not be as sound as it needs to be in the back you know because in the back bad touch it's over it's going the other way so i think you probably hide me up in the front but yeah i'm gonna I'm going to score goals. I think I'm going to score goals. Yeah, I mean, if I keep the ball on frame, JJ, and I've been told now that the frame we're going to be playing is. That's anybody on the planet. If I keep the ball on frame. Oh, yeah. If I shoot the ball at the net, it's going to go. Not this hard, brother. JJ, that sending a ball by you and I have not seen Kay hit a ball or anything like that. But like, boy, it's been like riding a bike, hitting this soccer ball again. It has been just like, and at one point I've been clocked at 124 miles an hour with a soccer ball. Okay. So we're talking about an actual mule here. I spent my days as a child, either out on the streets, selling cigs at one point, playing football, doing my thing in the woods or kicking a soccer ball off the side of my fucking house. That's literally all I did because I couldn't play video games and I had too much ADD to watch movies and TV. So when everybody else was doing something, I was out kicking balls my whole life. Blew my knees out, which, shout out to science. Shout out to science. We are doing it right now. But, yeah, if I'm able to put it on net, I'm in a good spot. I mean, no goalie, no keeper, if you actually hit it that hard in upper 90, like you're not stopping that. That's a fact. Not only upper 90. I think if we're hitting thirds of net, I think if we're hitting thirds of net, we're in a good spot. I think we're in a very good spot. I mean, we'll find out training camp here in like two weeks we're going to find out yeah what position are you playing? You're playing defense I'm honestly trying to figure it out when I say that I truly don't know what to expect in this tournament like when I was talking to the coach I was like I think the safest position is obviously probably keeper like that's the one that I probably can at least fake it until I make it the most but then I started talking about the outfield probably keeper. Like that's the one that I probably can at least fake it till I make it the most. But then I started talking about the outfield positions and I'm like, okay, I'm not going to play defense because you actually have to run and keep, keep up with guys. Striker is maybe the best. Cause I can just try and jump in head balls that people cross them. But I told him it's literally the least running, the least amount of running possible, because that's where I'm going to get people are going to fly past me. Maybe you play small forward. There's no offside, brother. You can just sit up there. Oh, yeah. Cherry pick. Oh, you can cherry pick? Play left field. Oh, nice. Do that. We have a guy up top. Is shooting forward not a position, by the way? I don't think it's been said. It's shooting guard and small forward. You're right in between the two. I assume at some point in basketball they said it, though. I think we got a 6'5 guy who's going to play up top. So that should be... Pizza Crouch? Lexi Lawless? Lexi Lawless is not on our team, although not a bad addition. We actually have to make some cuts to Concava. What? You guys got cuts like the Olympic team? That's going to be tough. Cuts like the Olympic team. We got the cuts. Holy shit. That's going to be tough. Gump is going to do that? We sent out too many requests. Gump is making picks like Team USA and Miracle. There's a chance, yeah. What training camp is for, boys? The thing is, though, do I take a seat and I go, you know what, boys, I'm actually going to coach this team. Oh, no. That's not a bad No. We should have a minimum minutes requirement on the, like, me, you, Ocho, those guys. Like, we should have a minimum minutes requirement. 35. 35 minutes. I don't know if the game is even 35 minutes. Is it a real clock or is it a soccer clock? How does it work? I think it's 40 minutes. I think it's 20-minute halves. I think they move. I think it's a moving clock. Running time. So it's not the extra garbage time that no one knows about? So the end of the game is the score to win thing. Oh, okay. NBA All-Star game. It's after the 40 minutes. You play the 40, and then whoever's up, it's the next goal wins for them, or if the person scores more. Yeah, so it's like 4-3. We're up. Concava over Burnley. 40 minutes is up. We're now in the target goal time, I think is what they call it. So the game is to five now. So we've got to score one more. They've got to score two. And then the game's over. Always ends on a goal. Always ends on a goal. That could take a long time. If nobody scores in 10 minutes, they take a guy off each team off the pitch. Way to go, coach. on it. Yeah, already on it. Good job, Coach. You said get the goalies? He is on it. Get the goalies out of there? Get the goalies. Yeah, we won goals. It's so hard to get the ball. I don't even have a shot on goal. Take the goalies. 65-yard field. Guys would just be clipping balls from literally. All right, I want to see 22 to 21 games. There we of your teams? I saw him. He had a silky smooth jumper here. That's it right there, the Euro. Hockey players... You guys been out to a fever game yet? Season hasn't started, you asshat. The preseason has, pal. Pay attention. Speaking of paying, 33 grand for season tickets we paid. We're supporting. We're supporting WNBA. Hope you're doing the same, JJ. Hope you're supporting WNBA hope you're doing the same hope you're doing the same JJ hope you're supporting WNBA I love it I think it's incredible it's a lot of fun it's incredible what's going on who's your team charter flights I mean down here we have the Mercury Kay was in Chicago and she was she's been to a couple Sky games up there. Oh, yeah. I mean, down here, Mercury. Sky dominated last night. Mercury aren't even part of the Cardinals. Topsy-tasy for Cardozo, though. Yeah, Cardozo up 4-6. It's nice to see they're getting chartered flights. That's well. Beautiful. That's huge news. Yeah, that's all. WNBA to begin charter flights this season. WN Kathy Engelbert announced the league's plans to start the charter flight program this season. Now, I'm not saying that there is a class of girls coming into the WNBA that are potentially changing everything. But boy, it feels like there is a class of women's basketball players that are changing literally everything. Remember, this got brought in a conversation when Brittany Griner was walking through a public airport somewhere. And somebody asked her if she liked America a little bit more now after experiencing what Russia was and then the harassment, and all of us were like, listen, whatever your feelings are on that entire situation, Brittany Griner should not be just moseying through an airport right now. Everybody's going to know exactly where she's going. That is not a thing. And then you start thinking about a professional league, yeah, at least get your people to and from. Now WNBA is ponying up, I guess. And I don't know who and how it came to be, but let's go W. Yeah. That's awesome. Like, how's that happen, you think? Like a sponsor? NBA? Would the NBA, would that be something they would be like, hey, we can help you out with travel. The NBA helps a lot of the whole league already. How come it hasn't? It could just be on top of it. How come it hasn't? I think that's the big question. It's like, did somebody say, you know what, yeah. Yeah, where did it come from? It did come very, very quickly, which is great. But, yeah, I maybe Phil Knight was like, hey, yeah, I don't think so. She's not getting accosted everywhere she goes. Let's get them on some private flights. Well, you got to do it for the whole league then. We can't just do it for one person. Well, whatever. As long as she's doing it, then that's just fine. And it's like, oh, is that person playing or not? You're a whole WNBA team walking through the airport. I mean, that is bringing every eyeball to you. And if that league gets to what we want it to be, it's like there should be, and hopefully a lot of shit talk going on, and then a ruckus too. So good move. Shout out to the W. Awesome. All right, JJ, we'll see you down in North Carolina, pal. Thank you for bullying Austin Rivers yesterday without knowing the whole story. I mean, it's on you guys. It's your show. You're the one who put it out there for the world. Didn't get full context. I blame you. It's NBA Central. It's probably, yep, exactly. Thank you. Foxy had a question, though, because Dan Orlovsky said something awesome on here. Yeah, JJ, is your brother TJ any good at basketball? Did he play basketball growing up? We just need to know that. He's a phenomenal athlete, but I wouldn't say that in the NBA argument. I don't know if he's transferring over. I mean, dunks, fouls, rebounds is about it. He can do a through-the-legs dunk. We do dunk contests. Do you play nine feet? What, at nine feet? That's normal. You guys lower the rim and do dunk contests. During that whole thing yesterday, somebody tweeted me and said, can you even dunk? That then is insulting. I'm like, don't. Maybe I can't go out there and make 23s in a row, but I can do some shit now. I'm an athlete. Don't, like, don't get it twisted. I mean, I'm an athlete here. So, like, I'll be humble here and there, but, like, when people are like – same thing, same thing with the thing about he can't even play anymore. Why would we want his trash out? Like, okay, hold on a second now. Okay, top 10 in Saxon and TFL is my last year. Let's calm the fuck down. Everybody calm the fuck down. Hell yeah. Hey, talk your shit, JJ. Hell yeah. Talk your shit. We appreciate you, man. All right. All right, guys. Now I'm going to go hit the squat rack Maybe have some Miller Lights. What? Watch Burnley. What? Take a visit to Derek's. What? We appreciate you, ladies and gentlemen, JJ Walker. Yeah, JJ! All right, let's get to a break. I got to go to the bathroom. I knew TJ would go through the legs if he needed to. JJ and TJ have a dunk contest while Derek's just sitting there going, what the fuck did I do? Why am I short? Running his head into a wall. Oh, yeah. Can you guys do this, though? Yeah. Dude, that's JJ. How tall is he? That's a drop step. 6'6", he said. Yeah, can you dunk at 6'6"? Think about being 6'6 and not being able to dunk, though. That is what he is. And squatting that much weight, too. Those are men. I know. That's what I'm saying. He makes people look like kids. A guy in a white cutoff there. Right there. Look at that pocket pass. Is that T? Oh, sweet. Is that T? Is this an Indianapolis? Got the same dims. Same dims. Same athleticism, too. I mean, T used to be able to spin that thing. Great blow. Great apple. All right, let's get to a break. So Dan Orlovsky was just, yeah, completely out of pocket. Just being an asshole. Shooting from the hip. Well. Out of pocket Orlovsky. He should have thrown one in there that was like, obviously no. He should have said A.Q. Shipley. Who? Yeah. He should have just done that instead. He did. Well, A.Q. A. AQ could do it. Got buckets. Yeah, yeah. That's all I thought about. Whippe Hall of Fame. AQ is a high school Hall of Fame basketball player. Yeah. That is a real. I was Hutch. He played basketball? See, that's the thing. We're thinking the same thing as TJ. He just went through rosters. Hey, guy's athletic. This guy's more athletic than you think. That's what Daniel loves. Did Mahomes play bad? Maybe. DeForest Buckner. Trent Williams should be on that list if it was just an athleticism thing. He'd be awesome. Where's Debo? Is he on there? No, I don't think so. Debo found a way to find himself. Put McCaffrey on there, though. Instead of IU. C-M-C-I. Let's get to a break. John Lynch was awesome last week. Incredible. Love John Lynch. Yeah. For shoot. A lot of things happened immediately after John Lynch was on. You know, big long weekend. So kind of got lost in the scrum. Yep. John Lynch was awesome. Howie. Awesome. He talked shit to Coach DeRionne. Yeah, a little bit. What was Howie. Awesome. He talks shit to Coach. Yeah. All the GMs were. What was that all about? I think Coach got him. Yeah, all the GMs were good. That came on, yeah. Let's get to a break. We're going to wrap up this show with Pat Cavanaugh. Hell yeah. Oh, yeah. I've been following. He plays this sport. That sport right here. Is that a good little sawed-off stick? It's a little shorter. That's a goal scorer. Yes. I need to get that. My kids need that. That's normal. This is what? Is it normal? Okay. I'm not a long pole. You're just big. You make it look smaller. Well, I'm notidextrous, too. You're lefty, righty, easy. Right with that thing. Throw a boat. Yeah, I'm cradling. That's what we do. Poop, baby. Yeah, the row the boat celebration is always a good one. Oh, yeah, this one right here. Row, row, row the boat. Gently down the stream.. Yeah, true, true. That's the guy's problem. Let's call him. Let's call Jimmy. What do you mean? Yeah, call him up again. Let's call Jimmy Graham. I'm going to ask him why the fuck he's doing it. I got to pee, so I don't have all day with Jimmy Graham. But I would like to know why the fuck he's doing it. Tell him that way. Okay, cool. What's up? Happy to be here. Thank you for calling me. I am impressed, Jimmy, but I didn't even know. The fuck are we doing in the Arctic? You don't need to do that. Titanic tried it. Yeah, if anything, now go try and play in the NBA for us. Yeah, Jimmy, we need you to go play. That's what we need. We need you to get back to the court. Troopers or whatever came in, and two guys, we saw them coming down, and they landed right on the finish line. It was awesome to watch the whole place start chanting USA. And Jimmy's like, oh, yeah, I jumped with those guys like eight months ago. Joining us now is the man who jumped with the paratroopers. They're landing right at the finish line. Perfect game. Some people have missed an entire stadium with a game ball. Not America's finest. Ladies and gentlemen, Jimmy Graham. Thank you for taking time out of your day to join us. We won't be long. I do have to piss, but it just came up. Okay. You're doing this Arctic thing. You're doing this. Why are we doing this? Didn't we learn from the Titanic that we don't need to be fucking around with the Arctic in boats? Or how do we sign up for this? How do we get into this, Jimmy? Yeah. So one of my best friends, you know, he was a Navy SEAL, and for the last 10 years, he's had this goal in his life when he retires to row across an ocean. And I've always said no, and then last year, he got his MBA at Cambridge, and at his graduation, we're at a pub getting kind of banged up, and that's when we decided that we were going to take on a task of rowing across an ocean and then hannah and john uh during the season it was actually on on sunday right before the game i got a dm and it said uh i heard you're trying to sail around the world have you ever thought about rowing and uh that's how it all started and now here we said uh the arctic challenge 2025 man when you guys drink you talk about different stuff yeah you know well we need people like you and the navy seal who also has an mba from cambridge who wants to row across an ocean this one gonna be the arctic now i saw the we went to the website to kind of inspire others to take on tasks that are seemingly impossible and there's something else we could do you Other than seemingly death here? Because you don't even have to worry about the ice, which they should have seen. We think of Titanic, and they said we're going to forge the river or whatever. But also, these killer whales are smart, Jim. These fucking whales are smart. Paint your boat white. Well, that's for the turtles. I think that's for the turtle attacks that won't happen But these whales team up To get these damn seals And they create this massive wave And then they knock the seal out and then guess what That thing is a fucking appetizer For all the whales What are you? You're going to be in a boat out there in the middle of that thing? With a seal With a navy seal What are we doing? Do we have like protective dolphins around us? Like the seals have? What is the setup going to be? Do you have a chase boat? Yeah, bingo. Do you have a... No. Well, so unfortunately, we're chasing five or more world records. So because of that, we can't have a chase boat. We can't have a follow boat. So once we take off from Tromsø, Norway, through the fjords, we're going to be on our own uh chasing these world records um one we're the first all-american team ever uh let's go get it let's go get it jimmy okay cool cool dumb but cool it sounds like super american actually yeah i love what we're doing there go ahead i'm sorry i interrupted yeah uh they'll be the first uh married couple to do it hannah and john uh they have a they have a small child and then i'll be the first minority and to do it. Hannah and John, they have a, they have a small child and then I'll be the first minority. And then we're chasing the, the, the actual time record, which is I believe 15 days, just over 15 days. So we basically row two hours on two hours off. And like me, I'll burn between 10 to 12,000 calories a day. And then on my two, on my two hours off, um, I'll have to, uh, uh, because I'm lead navigator and lead comms and lead weather. I'll have to speak to our, our weather ground crew, um, and make sure we're on the same route and make sure that we're looking at these fronts that are coming through because obviously the weather is very treacherous up there. Um, the water's extremely cold. We can only stop. I mean, you can barely survive at all if you get in that water and can't get out. So, you know, this is obviously very dangerous. We're taking this obviously very serious, getting a lot of certifications. We have a coach, Duncan, who has numerous world records, has been across every ocean there is in the world um we have a great team medically that's going to be assisting us via phone and training up until then and um it's it's it's going to be the most intense thing i've ever done because one i've never rode before i'm the only one who hasn't rode a record lead weather lead comms never done it never done the thing before yeah go across the arctic 15 days two hours on two hours off we'll be okay we got a phone in the fucking arctic of course yeah of course of course you do the the whole hey we're appreciative of who you are like like where do you finish where's the finish line? It's Longinburn, which is in the middle of the Arctic Ocean. It's almost like this glacier island. And one, we will have sat links, so hopefully on the row at some point. I'd love to give you guys a call, give you guys an update as I'm sleep-deprived. And pass the phone around and get everybody to say their piece because we're going to be very alone and very worried at multiple times, especially with the big swells up there. But the good thing is this whole entire thing, as we get rowing, we're starting a fundraising campaign for several charities in New Orleans, especially the Covenant House New Orleans, especially the Covenant House New Orleans who shelter 650 kids a year and we're gonna try to raise over a million dollars for them by doing this and we're gonna be connecting them with the Saints and with Tulane University trying to get them involved with programs and really my purpose of doing this is show them that anything's anything's possible if you if you put your mind to it and you know from background, I literally sat in a facility just like that as a young kid. So I understand how difficult it can be. And I just wish that when I was in there that I knew somebody was rowing for me to live a better life up until I'm 18. That's awesome. Hey, hell yeah, Jimmy. Still think it's wild, but hell yeah. Gonna make it to a better place. I'll tell you what. Go ahead. I don't know when the married couple, they set that record. I don't know when that'll be broken, but that minority record, I think that's gonna last for a long time. Forever. Congratulations. Congratulations. I would have never guessed. Whenever you said you were the first minority, I would never guess. It was only white people. I would never guess that that was the gays. Hey, you go do it. Hey, good luck out there, Jimmy. We're proud of you, buddy. I appreciate it, guys. I appreciate it. Hey, thank you for answering. Where are you headed right now? Are you going to go fight a fire? No, I was just at the airport, but I'm going to be heading out, flying out across the country tomorrow, so So I'm just preparing for that, bringing the bike and everything. But you guys have got to come to the hangar and shoot one of your shows. We'll have you guys set up. I'll take you up in the helicopter. I'll give everybody an aerobatic ride. And you guys will get these aerobatics. No, no, no. Yeah. No, no, Pat. Pat as well. You got to go skydiving with me at Homestead General. So we'll get all that yeah of course well skydive you're too heavy i'm too heavy i know the weight that i can't do that that's the thing that happens sorry gravity son of a bitch oh so good gravity so good uh undefeated all right well jimmy i'm sure none of that will happen other than doing a show at your hangar we will do that i'm not signing up for any aerobatic shit, but I can't wait to see everybody else in there. Good for you guys. Hell yeah. Good for you guys. You're the best, ladies and gentlemen, Jimmy Graham. One of the most interesting people. Jimmy! That even exists. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Lead comms, lead weather. Lead nav. Never rode before. Well, that's probably why he's leading half. He'll have to do a lot of... I think from flying, too, he's used to checking the weather and doing all that. And while they're doing the... And he's probably a great boost. He's such a big son of a bitch. Once they get a little tired, hey, Jimmy, get on that side. We need to go full speed. Put three other people on the other side. Is it better to put the big fuck in the front or the back? Yeah, how's that? Ask Ian Rappaport. Assume back. Back, I believe, because you don't want the nose of the ship. But if you're going through ice, maybe he'd go, Jimmy, need you up front so we can fuck in? It's going to have to be big, though. Like, they're going to have to have a bathroom on there and a little way to... Yeah, it's huge. We have a picture of the vessel. obviously or x45 good model that's a good nine point six meters in length and one point seven meter beam obviously and you know carbon-5 this things light but it's tough and there's two cabins you can sleep on poop sleep where you do and three rowing position so okay so there's four of them right mm-hmm two on two off that's why you just really wanted the cabins you fall asleep bingo they're always just two hours with how big jimmy's gonna be and he's just gonna be like so happy this thing is here his dumps 10 to 12 000 calories he's he's he's wow 15 days one of one i mean they're gonna do it in 14. It'd be tough to be on a cruise ship for 15 days. It'd be tough just to go ahead and put anywhere right there. Great point. Great point. But he said he's going to be on the Ronauk GX-45. Good rig. That is a good rig. If I was going to go across the Arctic, I want the Ronauk personally. So I'm happy they went with that. At least we're on the same page. He said, we're going to have some satellite, and we're going to need to talk to somebody. Yeah, it's going to get real sad out there. We'll be your pen pal. We'll be your pen pal while you're out there in the fucking Arctic. Ain't doing nothing on the ground. How about him saying, obviously the water is really cold. The Arctic. The Arctic. Yeah, we knew that. Yeah, we figured. The water? Arctic cold. It's not just cold. Just think of throwing in the ocean at night, too. No thanks. Especially with weather. That is not. Okay, so. When is this? Those storms that happen. Next summer. Do they not happen in the Arctic? No, no, no. He said that. He said we're very worried about the swells No. It was off of Gloucester, but it was up into the Arctic. Thank you. They need to make this a documentary. I assume they're filming it. Hopefully somebody can call us. It's cloudier around. Mean cloud cover. Ranging from 60% in the winter to over 80% in the summer. The temperature of the surface water of the Arctic Ocean is fairly constant. Approximately minus 1.8. 28 degrees. That's not bad. That's it? That's not bad. Yeah, that's great. That's not bad. I would have thought negative 28. Everybody's doing these cold tops. I think I've seen Rogan in the last 28.8. Yeah, every day. So how is it? So there's a whole other science question. How is water average 28.8 degrees? That should be fucking ice. Salt. Salt. Salt breaks it up like it's a driveway? Doesn't salt make it a lower freeze temperature when you put salt in there? What is the freeze temperature of salt? That's great. I would like to know. I only know from making homemade ice cream. Chopper puts salt in it. Really? That's brilliant. So it makes sense because salt cuts ice, I guess, right? That's why we're all doing it in our driveway. Freshwater is 32. Seawater freezes at 28.4. And they're at 28.8. Yeah, 0.4 degrees. Makes sense. A little bit of wiggle room there. They're close. A little bit. That's why they're doing this in the summer. That's why they're doing this in the summer. Yeah, can we get a time? He said you won't last long. How long exactly until you die? In the water? Like three minutes before you probably pass out if you don't have one of those life suits on. Life suits, yeah. So the person who's sleeping in one of the cabins, that flips. See ya. Dead. Somebody's got to immediately wakey-wakey. Let alone drown, but like just, oh. You saw Deadliest Catch, didn't you, when someone gets yanked over the edge a couple times? Hell yeah. All right, let's get to a break. Yeah, you're right. Positive vibes. What was JJ being all negative about? What if I suck, he said. JJ, that ain't that JJ we know. That's the one we want to see in Raleigh, though. That's exactly the one we wanted. We're starting to see that already, it seems like, by the way he's talking. I don't know what position I'm going to play. I don't even know how to play. It's a different sport. Do I play goal or outfield? Hey, bud, outfield isn't what it's called. What was it, two weeks ago he was saying? Yes. Who's going to score more goals? Let's make a bet, me and you. JJ I don't know if either of us are getting fucking near that net. There's a lot of professionals playing. Who added a team today? Who's added to a team today? What's the guy's name? Sebastian Giovinko. Unbelievable for Italy. Finished his career at Toronto FC. He's not buffoon, but we certainly have respect. But Giovinko, he might be. A couple years ago, we were betting on Toronto FC every game because of him. No, it was because of Bradley. Yeah, Michael Bradley. That too. Wow, we look like we just know soccer. Yeah, that bald. He used to run like 18 miles a game for the U.S. national team. Let's go to a break. Pat Cavanaugh on the other side of lacrosse. We talked soccer today. We talked football. We talked basketball. We talked hockey. Rowing. rowing greatest thing I saw last night on the other side we have not covered it yet it's my favorite boy it's a fucking treat okay that's coming on the other side be a friend tell a friend something nice it might change their life like our friends at Dude Wipes take five Hey, we're going to fuck the smokes. Hell yeah. Y'all get it out of your system now because I'm going to annihilate your ass. We can't get left. That is a pack deal. Can't get left. Boys, nobody can get left. Let's go. Team on three. Team on me. One, two, three. Three. Let's go. Team on three. Team on me. One, two, three. Three. Oh, you're all in trouble. Actual, you think you'll lap one person, two people? How many people? I say at least one. Laps one person, we'll donate $25,000 to a charity of his choice. If he laps two people, it's on you to give $10,000. Deal. All right, here we go. Hey, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Good luck. Hey, boys. Let's go, baby. Let's go. Warm up them tires. Let me warm up them tires! Let me warm up them tires! Let me warm up them tires! Here we go! Oh shit! Oh shit! Oh shit! I'm going to go to the next one. so I'm going to go to the right. Go, go, go! I'm going to go to the next one. We won! Man, you are awesome. You are awesome, dude. You know, there's professionals at things. There's professional walkers, believe it or not. They're in the Olympics. They're speed walkers. They walk better than we do, even though every human knows how to walk. There's professional eaters, okay? Every human on earth eats. They're better than you are at eating somehow. Everybody drives. We're going to win. There's professional eaters. Every human on earth eats. They're better than you are at eating somehow. Everybody drives. This motherfucker drives. Thank you so much for coming, Tony. Didn't laugh at any of us. Hey, that's called getting smoked by smoke Oh Bill! Oh Bill's gonna blow it! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh! Oh! Oh no! Oh no, Bill! Joining us is a demon. Ladies and gentlemen, Oze the Mentalist will be joining us. Alright, Oze. Let's go! What's the pick? I'm not giving away for free. Bill, what time is it right now? 7.57. Write it as big as you can. Wow. It's about to get weird. Bill, what time is it right now? 7.57. Write it as big as you can. Turn it up! Turn it up! Wow. OK. It's about to get weird. From this point on, I never touch this bad boy. We're going to revisit later in the draft. All right, I was getting in here, you six of a bitch. Almost two hours. Hold it. Hold it. Oh, don't drop it. Oh, no Okay, AJ, take the cards, look through them, and here's the thing. I want this to be random. Yeah, you can do it. Okay, yeah, what's up? My hands are a bit frozen, but yeah. I want you to take, but hold on. I don't want you to look through your favorite. Bill's booking Sean Payton right now. There we go, head boy Bill. AJ, slow, slow, slow. Lift. No, no, no. Take off a piece. Oh, you fucked my shirt. Right here. And don't look at it. Lift it up. I'm not. Put it against your body. Does that feel right? Yeah, it feels great. AJ, if you don't feel like this is the right moment for you, you want to change, put it back. All right, I'm putting it back. It's up to you. All right. Lift This is a good one. Are you sure? Yeah, of course. Stay right there locked and loaded. Oh, you fucked up my shirt, bro Okay, and there is a white piece of paper. Is that right? That's all that's in there. Take that out I want you to see this look aj open it up. No, no fucking way. No way And show aj what you got. What is that? Turn around and show us where you're at. You ready? Yep, turn it around. No way. Shot! It's down! 757, that thing wins. That's been in there since 757. Imagine that you somehow know the game of the year next season. Tell us what are the two teams that you're seeing in this game. Say it. Packers and 49ers. Who do you think is going to win that game? Packers 34, Niners 27 tell me I'm your life did I tell you to say anything you did and I swear to God If you get this right, I'm gonna Remember this screen Come on dude, there's something wrong with you. Open it up. It says Brock Bauer. How? Fuck this guy. No fucking way! This guy's a witch! Bears, Caleb Williams. 100% we knew it. Commanders, Jaden Daniels. Patriots, Drake May. Cardinals, Marvin Harrison Jr. Chargers, Joe Walt. Giants, Malik Neighbors, Titans, J.C. Latham, Michael Penix Jr., Roma Dunze, Vikings from Jets. Traded with the Jets. What? J.J. McCarthy, Jets from Vikings, Olufesanu, Broncos, Bo, Nixon in the 13th pick. Oh, my God. Bowers to the Raiders. I'm so happy I'm not. Beautiful. Taped on his Oh my god Is Justin 757 right now it is 950 your demon knows that's fucking unbelievable This show sticks in the fact you listen we are very very thankful This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this playoff Wednesday, May 8th, 2024, this educational program begins now. Sports! That's AJ Hawk and obviously we're normally... Wrong pipe, wrong pipe. Here we go, alright. Do you want to go all the way? Yeah, can back all right here we go yeah boy paul and count on it i don't know what yeah i felt like there was something stabbing me right here this show sticks in the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice to change their life. We won't die! We won't die! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our Humble the Boat, the Thunderdome on this playoff Wednesday, May 8th, 2024. This educational program starts now. Sports! Or normally what we talk about, but over the past couple of days we were just chit-chatting about it. That's A.J. Hawk. The talk table is here. At Boston, Connor and Ty Schmidt. One half of the hammer. Time tone digs your 12-year nfl vet in universal records label signed rapper pac-man jones is here and nine-year nfl vet darius j butler here is here indeed but you mentioned something during a break we are an educational program how come nobody ever talks about that we're learning a lot of shit around here. I was telling Tony when we walked off, I'm like, man, I learned a lot of shit on this stage. Last time we covered football, hockey, all the sports. Obviously, we learned about animals yesterday. Of course. Dabbling in politics. Maybe we'll learn here and there. Coming up, don't you worry. Hypothermia, when is the freaking water? All this shit. How about Canada? Making homemade ice cream? Canada? Yeah, geography. Improvises? Holy shit! What a show. Yeah. Hopefully this is only going to get better. History. History. We do a lot of history. It feels like some generations missed history completely. Yeah, go to class. Don't love that. Don't love that at all. They didn't study anatomy either. Well, if you don guaranteed to make the same mistakes again. Bound to repeat itself. You know what I learned this week? A lot of people learned this week. If you don't eat, you get hungry. You get really hungry. Tony, come on, man. And if you don't drink water? Get very thirsty. And die. And if you seize a building, you will get locked in it, I think is what Tony's also alluding to. Oh, okay. You're back in the... Okay. Yeah, which is the learning. Once again, education. Highest level at those places. Oh, yeah? That's the highest level. That's what the smartest people on Earth are striving to be. Way up there. The most connected people of all time. Their The most connected people of all time, their kids driving in there. And then we're listening to them talk like, oh, the future's fucked if these are the ones that are running everything. But nonetheless, we are joined by a man who is going to captivate the world in the future by his goddamn great lacrosse abilities. Hell yeah. This guy's a national champion. He's part of a family of lacrossers. And ladies and gentlemen, he was the sixth overall pick last night in the PLL draft. last night in the PLL draft. Future Boston Cannon. Current fighting Irishman. Ladies and gentlemen, Patty Cavanaugh. How we doing? We cradling, boys. We cradling out here. How are the Notre Dame boys? I know we won the ACC. We got the big March Madness for lacrosse starts on Sunday. We got the winner of Albany and Sacred Heart. How are the boys? How the boys feel right now, Cavi? Are we buzzing out there or what, pal? They're good, yeah. I'd say that accent is more of a hockey accent than a lacrosse accent. Wow, funny thing about that. Lacrosse is actually Kansas fucking sport, Pat. So, yeah, all right. Okay, sorry. I got to teach you about your sport. This is an educational program. Are the boys buzzing there in Notre Dame, or what do we got buzzing, man? Yeah. We had selection Sunday a couple days ago. Fresh off an ACC championship victory, so we're feeling good. Then we got our first-round matchup at home on Sunday, so excited for that. Go ahead, AJ. Does it even matter to your opponent, or is it just about you guys and what you do on that field? I mean, there's a lot of scouting that goes into each week, but our team is really focused on ourselves, and we feel we've got the deepest roster in the country. So if we just come out and execute our game plan every week, we're going to have success. Well, you're the national champs last year, coming in with a big old bullseye. And after you guys won national championship, I understand there were some injuries that had to get taken advantage of. But then you guys went on a booze binge for what, like six months? Yeah. Seemingly like six months, if I do recall it accurately. We sent beers to the boys in Europe, I think, a couple different – I mean, we felt like we were enjoying a victory lap for the Notre Dame. Are you guys better this year than you were last year? And how is that even, is that possible? Yeah, I'd say we're deeper for sure at a lot of different positions. Guys are more experienced. We had never won a national championship before. So I think having that experience, making that run in May, and getting that feeling of winning is definitely helping our team out. Have a lot more success this year, and we picked up some good transfers in the transfer portal. Dev McLean from Brown, BJ Burley from Maryland, Jake Bonomi from Michigan, Danny Parker from UVA. So, yeah, we got a great team, and I'm excited for this run in May. Is there NIL stuff going on with that transfer portal, or is it just wanting to go play for their team that wants you that's best? Is it like a re-recruiting, or is there NIL shit in there as well? It's starting to gain more traction in the lacrosse world. I know a lot of different programs are getting into it. Not as much at Notre Dame, and obviously not as big of a deal as football, obviously. They've got millions of dollars to play with, and they generate the most revenue. Lac of a deal as football obviously they got millions of dollars to play with and they generate the most revenue so lacrosse isn't there yet but i feel like it could get there eventually yeah it's sport of the future i mean it is the sport of the future always has been connor's got a question for you pat yeah pat you you haven't mentioned uh superstar jordan faizan he was uh playing for the notre dame football team also playing for the lacrosse team uh another question i would have for you pat do you believe that lacrosse players can play in the nfl or the nba um i mean definitely not the nba those guys are are freaks there's been some college or some lacrosse players who have had success um playing basketball this guy pat spencer who made the warriors roster he played lacrosse at loyola for four years won the tour town award which is the best the heisman of college lacrosse at Loyola for four years, won the Tauraton Award, which is the best the Heisman of college lacrosse, and then did his fifth year at Northwestern for basketball and then went to Europe, played pro there, and then made the G League team the Warriors and then signed an NBA contract. So I definitely think it's possible. Lacrosse players are definitely some of the best athletes in the world, in my opinion. And then uh some of the best athletes in the world in my opinion um and then i don't know if you guys watch a march madness nc state's point guard michael connell i actually played lacrosse with him in high school once the same high school as him he was committed to maryland for lacrosse um his brother tommy played was a starting point guard um for his basketball team as well so there's definitely a lot of crossover and cam spencer as well pat spencer's brother who just won the championship with yukon he was committed to loyola for lacrosse he was going to follow in his brother pat's footsteps play lacrosse loyal and then ended up playing basketball in college so there's definitely um great athletes in the sport of lacrosse and yeah i'd say they're up there with any other sport i did not expect lacrosse to be anywhere near good at basketball. Oh, yeah. They got doubts. Not even a thought in this brain here. Because Chris Hogan, obviously, was the big story. You know, like, oh, this guy didn't even play for his lacrosse player. Every single time he did anything. And you start thinking about the sport. There's a lot of movement. A lot of physicality as well. So, I think mentally tough. And a lot of cardio right conditioning is absurd for you guys it feels like is that accurate yeah i mean depending on your position midfielders can be running like seven eight nine miles a game not really sure what the the data is there but it feels like you're running the whole game so yeah you got to be in really good shape and really athletic i mean translates to a lot of other sports you got a strong core lower body. Tell us about the football player on your team. Is he still a stud? I remember he had a hat trick first game or whatever. He's bigger, stronger, faster than everybody. Is that still the case? Yeah, he's a freshman, so he had a lacrosse scholarship out of high school to play lacrosse here. He's from Florida, was an option quarterback in high school, and then committed to lacrosse here. Walked on the football team as a wide receiver and just killed it in training camp. Got a look because a bunch of wide receivers got hurt and then scored a touchdown against Louisville, got a full scholarship to football. So he's been balancing both. He's an incredible athlete. He's on our first line midfield, one of the best freshmen in college lacrosse. He's having a great year. He field um one of the best freshmen in college lacrosse um he's having a great year he's got like 20 goals um close to 30 points i think not really sure of stats but he plays the whole game for us every game and we also have tyler buckner the former notre dame and alabama quarterback he transferred back to notre dame in january he actually played in the rose bowl on january 8th and then we had our first pre preseason practice for lacrosse here January 9th. So he was at our first practice the next day after unfortunately losing in the Rose Bowl, but it was pretty cool just seeing him showing up the locker room. We got an Alabama Notre Dame football player chilling in our locker room with us, so that was cool. And he's actually starting to get a lot more time now. He's playing defensive midfield. He's a freak athlete. The kid's an insane athlete, and he just keeps getting better at lacrosse. And he was actually committed to Michigan in eighth grade or seventh grade for lacrosse and then ultimately chose to play football. So there's definitely some freak athletes in the sport of lacrosse, and I'm just excited to watch play in the PLL this summer and then just for the continued growth of the sport as a whole. It'll be in the Olympics in 2028, so it's incredible how fast it's growing. Let's make sure we get some Cavanaugh boys in that Olympics, okay, for the United States of America. Talking about the PLL, go ahead, D-Boy. Yeah, it seems like they'll definitely be in there. Obviously, you're leaving Notre Dame and going to play with your big brother now up in Boston. Did you see that coming did you expect to go uh six to the boston cannons and what's the vibes going into that um i mean me and my family and matt we've kind of been manifesting that for the past year like i knew it was my last year i was going to get drafted this year so we've been talking about it for a while but they had the sixth pick and i was kind of i guess projected to go in the first few so i didn't really think it was going to happen after the season the Canons had and the success they had. But I guess just how the draft shook out, a bunch of teams needed players at different positions. And I just fell right in the Canons' lap at six, and I couldn't be more excited. I was so happy. Nah, Rainbow set it up. Definitely. Good man. Definitely. I mean, not even a dot. Not even a dot. Everyone knows that. That was a work. Cannons, I mean, they're the draw of the PLO. What do you want? The Cavanaugh Cannons. I mean, what do we even? I mean, you can get a jersey with Matt's number on the front, Pat's on the back, and still just have Cavanaugh. draft they didn't say hey yeah obviously you're going to play with your fucking brother they didn't say that to you beforehand you were surprised like the rest of us yeah no i had no idea where i was gonna get picked there were some rumors going around that certain guys were gonna get picked in certain spots but i legit had no clue i found out when everyone else did live on the espn stream i mean he almost pulled the laramie tunsil to get his name to drop a couple. Oh, yeah, you're going to gas mask yourself there? Yeah, sure. I was on FaceTime with my brothers a couple hours before the draft, and we were thinking about pulling the Laramie so I could fall sick. But it ended up working out. A couple times you've dipped your head there. You have a Rangers cop on. I don't know if you know this. We had Moose on earlier. Did dipped your head there you have a uh a rangers cop on i don't know if you know this uh we had moose on earlier did you see that pat we had mark messier on earlier he crushed yeah he's a legend i'm a diehard new york rangers fan this is my dad's hat from when they won in 1994 um so my dad's from queens grew up a huge ranger fan raised us all to be diehard ranger fans and actually last year me and my brother chris drove back to south bend it was like a 12-hour drive and we listened to mark messier's entire audio book on the way there uh his memoir um so i was just like i couldn't believe that i was coming on the show two guests after mark messier and jj watt and jimmy Graham, not bad either in between. Well, Jimmy Graham is one of my heroes. The guy is such a legend. I'm a huge hockey fan, and I kind of bring that hockey style to my game in lacrosse, which is why a lot of people, I don't know, they think I'm a scumbag out there. I just play like I'm a hockey player. I don't know. Yeah, it's incredible. Did you play hockey growing up? Yeah, not at a high level. I played with actually my goalie who you shouted out, Liam Entenman, who was MVP of championship weekend last year. Me and him were on the same travel hockey team from the age of five until we were about 12 or 13. So to be on his team now and be his roommate is incredible. Is he still standing on his head? Is that guy still standing on his head? Yeah, he's having an insane year. He's one of the reasons why we're the number one ranked team in the country. We're number one? I didn't know that. Holy shit. Get the helmet back on. I didn't know we were number one. I thought there was no chance. I thought the Ivy League. I was going to ask where the helmet went. I saw that you ran out of space. We were working on that after. We're going to clear this whole fucker thing out. The issue is I can't be here when it gets cleared out. I'd be okay if all these things were never in my life again. Not all of them. There's some stuff here that I really like, but me doing it myself, I can't look at it like oh i feel like a bad guy if i'm getting rid of that so what's going to happen i believe in a couple different locations that i'm at the boys are just going to go swipe some shit now this gotta stay oh yeah sure it's gonna stay jesus is jesus christ been dancing all over the place this guy's day but there's a lot of other shit and then this i mean this is the history of the show right here yeah that's the encyclopedia. I wonder what the first... Too heavy, I'm not going to be able to move it. Anyways, we're trying to find some space for a fucking rig here. We're the number one team in the country. I didn't know we were... To be honest, I didn't know that. I did feel like I was part of the team for a day and a half. team meeting. Of course. I was in there talking shop with you guys, cradling a little bit. It was a blast to see the boys. I mean, just like hockey and basketball, we know lacrosse season starts this week. Right now. On Sunday. Bingo. Congratulations, Albany or fucking Sacred Heart. Good year. You got to play in to play us. Okay, you're done. Boom. There it is. Sick helmet. Back spot. What about Boom. There it is. Sick helmet. Boom. Part of the spot. That's a sick helmet. Yeah. What about this? Cradle that shit. Cradle that. Hell yeah. Let it rip, brother. Yeah, fucking rip it. You see, I've been working on it, Cavi. I've been fucking working on it. Look at this ball. Offhand. Offhand. We need to get you a ball shot what's it look like oh hold on i don't have any balls she's a baseball i ain't got any fucking balls on here aj i know your son your son's play lacrosse oh yeah what should they do what's all my all four of my kids play lacrosse on my daughter does she wants to put the pads on hit they should let the girls play like the guys i think hell yeah yeah yeah the woman's sport's completely different but the guy's sport is incredibly physical. That's cool that your sons play. I'd love to potentially give them some lessons someday. How much did that cost? Hey, hold on. We're not doing shit for free. Oh, no. We'll pay you double than what you would charge anyone else. Yeah, they would love it. The Cavanaugh boys do camps, right? And that's a part of the hustle, right, of lacrosse? That that's legit that's real yeah pretty much yeah i mean my family brand is my family last name has become a pretty big name in the sport of lacrosse um so yeah i guess we're just gonna try and well you got a high school yeah how come you haven't been to plum high school yet to teach our high school lacrosse team we got we got some fucking dogs yeah i just go on a website. I say, hey, I want you fucks to come teach our team to be better. What do you do? I don't know. We're going to try and me and my brothers, anyone else who wants to join, hopefully a few kids on my ND team and some other PLL guys, travel across the country this year and run some camps. When's this happening? Don't you have like a cavanaugh sports group account like isn't there something you guys have yeah yeah we got an instagram account where we got some camps cooking in the works um the final details aren't having to finalize yet but final details we don't have a fucking clue what they are we will sit down one day and piece this whole thing together if you would like uh the Cavanaugh boys to come to town, we certainly would like to do that somehow, some way. We would like to hire the Cavanaugh boys to go to Plum High School. There you go. We would like to hire. Whenever you guys figure out how to do a fucking camp, which I don't know how easy that's going to be, okay, a lot of logistics. But when you guys figure that out, let us know. Gotta do it. Gotta do it. Trade the esports team while you're there. Yeah, the Manic Passing Academy happens. I mean, that's good business. I mean, that's good business if you can get into that. And also, giving it back to the game, obviously, which is good. Yeah. Yeah, I can go all for the kids. All right. Bar down. Get the bar down. What the fuck, Pat? Had to fill it out. That's a good touch pass. We do not have a... There's a hockey ball. Maybe go near side. Go near side here. No, no, that ain't good. I'm going to launch that thing. Get going. Get in. Get in. Here we go. This one's it. That mirror's a tough mirror. Oh, yeah. No chance. You're going to make that. You're going to make that. You're at the same angle as me. You could throw probably one of those footballs like you're kicking one. Yeah, you're right. Patty Cavanaugh, good news. This one goes in. You guys are going back to back. Okay. And if it doesn't, that doesn't mean anything. Oh, yeah. Natty. Oh, my. Finding it a bit. Finding it a bit. Yeah, hold on. Alabama football on the green. She's getting an intramural league or something. Who, me? Yeah. Yeah, there's a bunch in Indiana right now. Oh. You're starting to find it a bit. I see a hockey ball in the goddamn net. Yeah. Damn it, Mitt. Get up there. Nice little short little stroke. Wow, it's almost hurting the wrist. I don't know how you guys do that. Are you guys doing it? We're done with this. It hurts. I got a fucking TST in two weeks. Yeah, you got to be careful. Yeah, I can't be getting injured in this entire thing. Ty has a question for you as we look at Sunday's big matchup as we try to make a run at this national championship again. Yeah, Pat, when we talked to you last year, I don't remember exactly what it was. It was like your quad, your hamstring, your – I don't remember what it was, but it was pretty fucking gnarly, the injury you had. I remember you showed us your leg. It was all black and blue. It looked disgusting. Your brother had that big fucking shiner on his eye. Then we see the highlights. You're just getting fucking whacked out there constantly, nonstop. How's the bod feeling going into the most important time of the season? It's actually feeling pretty good. This is the healthiest season I think I've had in four and a half years of playing college lacrosse. Our team is incredibly deep and we had success in the acc tournament this weekend we were able to play a lot of guys we beat up on virginia and duke and we played our um our reserve attackman for a large part of the fourth quarter of both games so um yeah our success and our depth is has allowed me to be relatively healthy the entire season. So, yeah, feeling pretty good. That's great news. And also, you became the all-time leading point scorer for Notre Dame in the history. Hell yeah! That's Cavanaugh lacrosse, baby. That's Cavanaugh lacrosse. That's why you need to get camp. You want to be the all-time leading scorer, a prestigious institution like Notre Dame? Go to the Cavanaugh camp on camp. Now, do they have that set up yet? Figuring it out. Soon. Figuring it out. Okay, COVID happened. Camps weren't necessarily easy. Right. Okay, let's make sure we're as understanding as possible. Congrats on that. Hey, here we go. Boom. Here we go. Good camp. This is good camp. Hell yeah. That's what we're talking about. Also, older brother Matty, you can get involved. You know, the whole squad. Tone's got a question for you about, hey, there's some rule of cross news here. Tone, please. Yeah, Patty Baby, everyone knows only one lost this year, and it was in overtime to Georgetown, and I'm looking at the bracket. Oh, no. There's a potential second round matchup with the Hoyas. You guys just chomping it. Now, let's not look past the first round matchup, obviously. Albany or Sacred Heart, they got great fucking twine, dude. Are you guys chomping at the bit for some revenge in round two, potentially? I mean, haven't really thought about that much. I have. Smart. Yeah, you should think about it. You're a fan. He's locked in right now. He's smart. I didn't want to put bulletin board out there or anything like that, but as an ND, my family comes from ND, a big ND lacrosse supporter. I've been thinking about it since that day. That f***ing bulls*** loss. Tough. They got a good team, huh? Georgetown's got a good squad. Not bad. They're the A seed, so one plays eventually. They're a great team. We lost to them in February. I think we're a completely different team at this point in the years. I mean, if we do get to play them, that would be cool, but we're looking forward to Sunday, and we've got to win that game. Yeah, of course. Hell yeah. Very good. That's why you want them at Cavanaugh Camp. That's why you want them. Yeah, they don't just teach lacrosse. They teach media Boom. Make these life media proper answers, everything like that. So I think last year when he came on the first time, caused quite a stir whenever he said the Ivy League is a bunch of Muppets. Yeah. And that's what he said. Forbade him. I think that's what you – right? I don't know if that was the exact phrase, but it was something in the – Frauds. Yeah. Frogs? Frauds. Frauds. Odds. Okay. Yeah, something in that. You said it. A lot of team names you're saying out here. Obviously, I haven't heard a lot of Ivy League schools, except for the transfer from Brown that you guys got on your team. Which Ivy League school is the school this year, and are they able to play with everything going on? Yeah, they all play this year. Really? We played one Ivy League team this year, Cornell. It's the first time I ever played an Ivy League team in my career, and they're an incredible team. They're honestly one of the tougher games we had all year. They took us down to the wire, and we beat them by one with five seconds left. But they had a tough end of the season, and only one Ivy League ended up making the tournament. But they're a great conference, and they got a bunch of great players. Yeah, only one of them made the tournament, but, yeah, it's a great conference, and they've got a bunch of great players. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Only one of them made it to the tournament, but, yeah, it's a great conference. ACC, good. We know that. Ivy League's got a team. Big Ten, Michigan's got a team this year? Yeah, Michigan just won the Big Ten tournament, so they're in the NCAA tournament. They had to win the Big Ten tournament to make the NCAA tournament. It was the same situation last year, and they ran the table and did it two years in a row. So, yeah, they're on fire right now. SEC? SEC as well? Who else? There's actually no SEC schools for lacrosse. West Point's got a squad this year. West Point? Okay, Military Academy? Obviously, Johnny Hopkins is always in the squad. Denver? What are they? Pac-12? Pac-10? always in the squad. Denver. What are they? Pac-12? Pac-10? What is Denver? They're in the Big East. That makes sense. Big East. Big East still exists? How many teams are in? Denver. From the Big East? Denver and Georgetown made it from the Big East. I'm just going to zoom out a little bit. If you scroll over to the Pacific a little bit, it is east of something. It was like the new conferences, okay, that they have in college football now. Denver is east of California. Uh-huh. It is being east of California. I understand. It's coming together. All right. Well, good luck, an attorney. We appreciate you joining us. Good luck with the Boston Cavanaugh Cannons. Hell yeah. That should be fun. Appreciate it. Thank you guys for having me on. It was a blast. Same day as Mark. It didn't sound like it. It sounded like it. Yeah, same day as Mark. He's focused on the tournament. Yeah. What do we got the rest of the day? Are we doing school or we don't do that anymore? What happened? No, I just finished off school yesterday, so I'm all done. Congratulations. Congrats Congratulations. Congrats, Brad. Did you graduate? Yep. Oh, yeah. No, we got graduation next week. It's on Notre Dame's campus, but hopefully we win the first round game Sunday, and then we'll be on the road for the quarterfinals, so hopefully just graduating with our fifth year in senior class on the road. Okay, we hope. We're pulling for you. So today you go cold tub, you go cold tub, hot tub? Or lifting? Or twining? Not today. We had practice this morning and then got some treatment on the lower body after and then just been watching the show. We have a little chemistry building cookout this evening with the boys. Getting banged up for the boys. We'll probably watch the Albany Sacred Heart playing game to see who we're playing tonight. And then, yeah, no cold ones for a while. A couple pops. No cold ones. No, not until after. A couple pops. He said no cold ones. Don't go away from what got you there. Yeah, you're right. Keep the main thing the main thing. Well, I don't know what you guys do last year like for instance dan hurley head coach of yukon in the big east he um he wore his dragon underwear throughout the entire march madness because the dragons won the national championship last year for him he did the same thing are you guys trying to repeat all the same shit you did last year um i mean yeah we've kept it pretty similar. I think our culture is in a great spot. These guys have no idea. Too long in. Too long in. We returned three out of the four captains from last year. So, yeah, we've kept everything pretty similar. Who's playing the bagpipes these days? That's a good question. Yeah, this kid, Ross Bergmaster, he actually texted me before I went on asking for a shout-out. So thank you for that. Nice. Bergmaster's a dog. Yeah, Bergmaster gets on those fucking pipes and people know. And people stop. Yeah, they know what's about to happen. He's an ordained boy. He's about to run wild, bro. Look out. Four transfers. Did you hear about Yeah, absolute studs, all of them. All of them. All of them. Big sons of bitches. Tommy Buckner coming into town. Mm-hmm. He didn't play at Rose Bowl. He was there. Then he goes to fucking nuts. He played pregame. Yeah, he did. He played a little pregame. He's there the next day. He played against South Florida. Yeah, you're damn right he did. That was a turning point for him, too. Yep, and the whole thing. Hey, maybe lacrosse is my thing. But he's a fucking god. Dog. Weapon. All right. Patty, we appreciate you, pal. We can't wait to watch you guys do it again. All right. Appreciate it. Yeah. Hopefully it works out. We'll see. The next few weeks will be exciting. And hopefully it all works out and come back on the show. Oh, and then we get more Cavanaugh camps. We got one in Columbus, it sounds like. Oh, yeah. No question. Get in the RV. Load the boys up. Tour the country. That's right. Sweet. Cavanaugh camp after Cavanaugh camp. After Cavanaugh camp. After Cavanaugh camp. After Cavanaugh camp. You can't have it be Kavanaugh's killer camp. No, you can't. No, you can't. Especially after everything we've learned. You can do crazy. Can't do it. Unless you want to be a turtle camp, if that's what people will know you for. Anyways, ladies and gentlemen, Patty Kavanaugh. Yay! Can't call that a killer camp. No Can't call that a killer camp. No, no. Cannot. Gotta use other descriptors. Crazy. No, because you could still do that. With a K. Yeah. Yeah. We're talking about a spelling camp with a K. Don't. Can't do that. Too many of them. You could do cool. There's a certain amount of Ks you can kind of put next to each other. Yeah. And then there's just one particular number of Ks. Yeah. That just cannot be next to each other. Unless you had a baseball game. No. What if you had a baseball game? Did you see what Caboli did? Caboli got himself in a situation. I did not. Well, they were trying to name a new, I think, a bat dog or something for the Pirates. They're trying to name a new, I think, a bat dog or something for the Pirates. Sure. You want to call him Bucko, but with K's in the middle. And instead of two K's, you need three K's for the strikeouts. Caboli. Yeah. Mark. Mark. You see, you guys are talking about dog name right now. Caboli. That's bad. Can't just have those. You can't hit that one button three times. You can't hit that one button three times. Can't do it. There's a reason Texans stopped at KK. I fucked up. When you were texting. Is that markable? Jeez. He deleted the tweet. He said, it's not what I meant. Oh, my God. I mean, that wasn't the craziest baseball thing we saw or heard about. Thank you for reminding me. Oh, no. Oh, my God. The NHL had two overtime games last night. One of them being a double overtime game. Holy shit. The NHL playoffs are alive. The NBA had a couple massive blowouts, but boy, we got two young teams really doing their thing. We got stars of tomorrow. The playoffs are fantastic. We got people dunking on Austin Rivers and NBA players as a whole for eight hours in the mentions full you update refresh boom there's another thousand update refresh boom there's another thousand it was a great sports night by all accounts online on TV and everything like that one thing was the greatest thing that happened by far and it came from the MLB Network. Ladies and gentlemen, there was a prediction from the studio show on the MLB Network that came out to be the greatest of all time. Ladies and gentlemen, my favorite thing that happened in the sports world just yesterday. Don't take this the wrong way. Okay. But we are already a no-hitter alert. Yoshinobu Yamamoto, before he throws a single pitch tonight against the Marlins, we have a no-hitter alert. Okay. Enjoy what could be a no-hitter from Yamamoto. You know, Jas, when you first pitch. Right here on MLB Network for Harold. You see why I'm Greg. We have a no-hitter alert. Wow, graphic. Enjoy this game live on MLB Network. Marlins are ass. This guy's a stud. This guy's going to throw a no-hitter tonight. Game is starting right now. First pitch of the fucking game. Yup. Gone. Gone. fucking game. Yep. Gone. Gone. Home run. Shot. First pitch. Ah, jeez. When you talk about like a jinx or whatever, that is maybe the most beautiful one I've seen because baseball sucks. That very rarely happens. So for a no-hitter to happen, it's like, yeah, maybe, especially with how good this guy is. Maybe it rides all the way into the eighth inning, into and out, and people are like, oh, well, these are going to get jinxed by what they called before the game. First fucking pitch, gone. This thing's over. Ty, I didn't know we called no-hitters before games even started. I'm going to start doing that. No, you don't. Paul Skeen's throwing a no-hitter, especially anywhere around a pitcher because these guys are a little bit wacko as is. Yamamoto, he's going to find this guy and he's going to cut his head off. Now, granted, they won 8-2, and he had a hell of a game. He pitched eight innings. He looked great. But you just don't do shit like that. You just don't. On the MLB Network. Unbelievable. I didn't see a clip until this morning. As I was watching it this morning, I was like, this has got to be fake. No way this is happening. I even asked. I paused the video and I said, so this guy was in the middle of a no-hitter? No, no. The game hasn't even I didn't know we did this. I didn't know this was on play. And then as the guy's walking up in my head, I'm like, oh, no way. The reason why everybody's excited for me to watch this right now. Gone. Fucking dinger. That is beautiful. You know, because they say commentators jinx kickers all the time. Sure, of course. And shooters, you know, like you foul on and everything like that. That was on a scale that I don't think I've ever seen when it came to hilarity and just how quick it all happened. What a beautiful story out of the MLB. Once again, baseball proves that it's not really the baseball that's the story. It's fucking everything else around it. It's funny how things come full circle because Ty kind of called Yamamoto News before it happened as well, and similar results happened. So it's just funny how this world works. I forgot about that. And similar results happened. So it's just funny how this world works. I forgot about that. And you know what? The Yankees don't fucking need him, so who cares? You know? I'm glad they fucking took him yard last night. That son of a bitch does not want to come to the Bronx. What are you doing? He had like two hits. I think he gave up. Oh, yeah, he pitched great. The Marlins fucking suck. Yeah, we do. They've given up already. Traded their best player and said, well, I guess the playoffs aren't going to happen for us this year. Coach was trying to quit after five games. They've played fucking 38 games. They've got another 130 left, and they're already selling off their best player. Well, being on playoffs just aren't going to happen for us this year, I don't think. No schemes in the hondo, boy. Is he playing for the Pirates? There was rumors he was coming up this weekend. We haven't heard anything. Oh, the best pitcher in baseball. Who does he play for? The Indianapolis Indians. What do you mean? They got a team now in Indiana? Yeah, well, it's AAA for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Pittsburgh Pirates got 13-3. 3-13, I mean. Are they trying to save him? Are they trying to save his arm? Or what are we doing? No. No, they're just fucking it up. No, they're trying to save his arm. You were right. For what, 20 years from now? When are they saving his arm? Like, is that when he's on a different team? They're going to trade him anyway before he gets there, probably. This is the new Bucs. No, they don't trade. the Cincinnati Reds? Yeah, I'm the Reds, yeah. Oh, I saw Herbstreet put out a tweet about how the Reds are doing. I haven't seen a single baseball pitched or hit for the Reds, but I read one tweet from Herbstreet. Yins fucking suck. You guys got nothing over there in Cincinnati. They have no energy. They have no passion, no pizzazz. Nope. They can't hit for shit. That team stinks is what I read from a Herbstreet tweet. I just got more wins than the Reds do, so. Oh! All the Reds have it. Pick it up when it matters. When it matters. All right, let's get the hell out of here on this glorious Wednesday. Educational program. Very, very much so. It could also be a giveaway program, too. Could be. Pac-Man Jones, in your incredibly cool outfit right now. You look very Hair looks cool too Got a cool song coming out on the 21st Why don't you be a cool guy And do maybe 10 people 20 people, $500 All you gotta do is accomplish some sort of Athletic feat out here in the Thunderdome And 20 people will win $500 What will it be, Pac-Man Jones? I like this. Give it some thought. They do enjoy the amount of... Who is that? Preparation. You give thought to what you want to do for the giveaway. That's Gumpy and Nick in the back. Because Gumpy's the one that tweets the clips. So he never knows if he should cut off the actual waiting time of the thinking because it is part of the process. It's part of the process. Or if he should just put it out there. You know, Gumpy is kind of confused. Let him go through his process, guys. That's what I'm saying. That's why I've been calling Gumpy this whole time. Gumpy. Gumpy's like, well, then, who's going to be like, well, then everybody's not going to watch the video. Well, it's like it's a fucking giveaway. Part of it. Part of the deal. If they want to win, well, this is the part of the process. Sometimes you got to watch greats do their thing to find out how greats become great. Pac-Man Jones, what do you want to do? Football. Oh, shit. Okay. Boom. Did he drain the first one last time he did this? Yes, he did. Come on, Pat. All right, Adam. Come on. You'll be throwing a football where? You tell me. Okay. With the jacket on? My home's out of takeout. I'm buying it. What do you want to put in? A hoop? Or you want to put it in a bin? That is not a trash can. No, it's not watch it. We should do the bin. Yeah, we'll do the bin 20 people $500 if you put it into Dwayne Johnson's been over there some people say it's trash can it is not it was supposed to be a bin You know, yes Boss been the final boss has been of course we used it for clipboard Jesus. That's what it is It's meant for footballs to be thrown into. Yeah, the final boss is trying to help people win $500. Yeah, no one more football than Dwayne The Rock. He owns the league. Bingo. Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Jones will attempt to put it into the final boss's bin. If he does, $500 will be given to 20 people. All you have to do is repost this video, say something nice to somebody, and put the easiest way to pay you. Pac-Man Jones, why don't we get a winner? Maybe 20 of them. Come on, Pac. Sweet shoes. You look really good. Oh, yes. Money. Oh. Nice. Good throw. Perfect distance. I like that. Thanks. I'm going to pick up another ball, although you're not going to need it. You don't need it. That was almost our speed championship ricochet. Ricochet, yeah. 20 people, $500. If he puts this ball into the final, boss has been! All right, right, left. That one slipped. That's the one. Right down the middle now. All you got to do is split them. Ladies and gentlemen, if Pac-Man Jones is able to bury this football into the final, boss has been. 20 people will win $500. Yep. Oh Yep. Oh, the bear. There's another one right there, Pat, to the left of your foot. Hit the bear in the chest. Adam Pac-Man Jones, who has a song called All the Smoke coming out on the 21st of this month, can win 20 people $500. All he's got to do is put the ball in the bag. Hold on. All over. All over. Throw the dude. Throw the dude. You're an NFL guy. You're all pro. NFL pro. You know when that Duke hits your hands, you're going to feel at home. Ladies and gentlemen, a man who played 12 years in the NFL at the position of corner and then pivoted into being a rapper who has a song called All the Smoke Coming Out on the 21st. There's a little Alabama ball there. Damn it. Got the doors up there. You got the grade school gym class football. Shut up, AJ. What's your problem? Oh, he's throwing it from back. We smack those teeth out of your mouth and throw them. The toilet seat. They're in there pretty tough. Oh! Good throw. That was a tight spiral. Those are all completions. Yeah. We're all in the ballpark. Except for a tight spiral. That was deep. Those are all completions. Yeah. We're all in the ballpark. Except for the one. The one left. I mean, we do, obviously, you know. Yeah, hold on. The Russ Wilson dorsal. Stand up, Rick. Ladies and gentlemen, there is one final ball to be tossed. One that has never been caught by anybody, but it's certainly been hucked in a direction that they did not mean to throw it. The dorsal fin ball! Get in! That was tricky. That must have not been calibrated. It was calibrated. I think that was calibrated. Steelers. That thing is terrible. Yeah, when's the black and gold version coming out? Because I need ten of them. No, I thought he wasn't making a black and gold version there. He was just releasing a brick with the Steelers logo on it as the new football. Thank you, Russ. You know, if you shave the corners of that brick. Exactly. And they painted laces on it. They hollow it out. Might be easier to catch than that one. I would guess, yes. You know what I mean? Yeah. Anything. Sanded down. Easier to catch than refrigerated than that one. Kidding me? How did that get made? What are you talking about? How did that get made? What are you talking about? It's a great toy. There wasn't a lot of good decisions in Denver. True. Great toy. That is an ass toy. It's a great toy. Nah, that is... People opened that on Christmas and were fucking pissed. No, it wasn't... The kid opened it and was like, oh, I got a football. And then somebody has to play catch with... The other person had to play catch was so pissed. You know how many ER visits there were that day? What the fuck? A lot of broken fingies. What is this? It's a dorsal fin. Yeah, it's a dorsal fin. Idiot. Russell Wilson trained with this. You know how he does it? That's what they said. Did he really? He didn't train with it, did he? Yes. Oh, yeah. the Seattle Colors, too? Yeah, the eight-year-olds. That's AI. There's no kid throwing. Good catch. Good catch. That's a knockoff. That's not the same one. That's not the same one. That one's softer. This is the knockoff of the Vortex, the good one that you could throw a mile. No, this one has soft edge. That one's good. The first one might have been Russell's where they said, you actually can't catch this because you're throwing plastic through the sky. With actual knives on the back of it. That one looks awesome, actually. The first one maybe wasn't the finished product. Good for them. Just like Russell Wilson as he takes Pittsburgh. That's right. It wasn't his finished product in Denver. No, it wasn't. He's only getting better over there. And if he's not, Justin Fields is sitting right there. Exactly. The whole position. Let's get the hell out of here. It's a graveyard, isn't it? A lot of balls. Yeah, it's a damn shame. A lot of balls. Still got one more pack. I mean, I don't know. We didn't hit one today. No, not one. I mean, the lacrosse basketball shot. It's close. Hit the net. I had it. Legit, I thought one was going in. The W ball. That one was tracking. Well, D-Bot was being a fucking hater, too. I got a little better angle than you as far as the distance. From where we're throwing? It was online, but I saw that it wouldn't make it. Oh, you said not enough juice. Just like Jamal Murray said with that towel. Yeah, he knew. Not enough juice. Give me the fucking heating pad. I ain't going to do this thing again. Bush league. He was not suspended. He was fined $100,000 as we predicted yesterday because Source told us that was going to be the case. That particular Source came on the show today. What did he tell us? Anything? No. I thought they were going to change it. He might be suspended because they talked about it for two hours this morning. Let's get to a break. We'll be back tomorrow. That is actually a good point. Thanks for the info, Coach. Game's not until tomorrow. There's still time. Coach, come on. You think LeBron should stop playing because it's kind of affecting his legacy now? All right. We'll be back tomorrow. More sports media. More education. More information. More fuckery. We're lucky to do it. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change. Hey, great work today, Pac. Go work in the back. We're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Goodbye. Thank you.