so so Thank you. Thank you. so so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. listen we are very very thankful for the all-time leading tackler for the green bay packers be a friend tell a friend something nice to change their life hello beautiful people and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Overreaction Monday, April 29th, 2024, this sports program starts now. Sports are wonderful, and we'll be talking about all of them today. Obviously, the NBA is happening in the playoffs. There's a new hero. His name's Ant-Man. Brian Windhorst will be joining us at 1.40 today. Nope, 12.40 today. Adam Schefter, obviously, with the football news that broke this morning. Late last night, Ezekiel Elliott is back with the Dallas Cowboys. And, obviously, a massive draft to talk about over the weekend. Daniel Jeremiah will also join us in the second hour. And P.K. Subban will join us to talk about the NHL. Today is going to be fantastic. Just like how every NFL fan base feels about how their team did in the draft except for the Atlanta Falcons. That's right. Literally 31 teams fans seemingly are pumped about the future of their programs with the draft picks that they had in the 2024 NFL draft that smashed all the records of all the drafts of the past. Now, did this particular draft potentially create the most Hall of Famers in the history? Maybe. Possible. Who says no? I think it might. Or did this draft create the most amount of busts in the history? Maybe. Hopefully not. We have no idea. But 31 teams seem to be pumped about the additions, and everybody is seemingly getting an A-plus from all the draft graders. But what does that mean? Not shit until the season actually starts when we see them playing against grown-ass men in the NFL. I like what everybody did. I like the moves that everybody made. I believe with the Atlanta Falcons, obviously, there's a lot of question marks. I think Terry Fontenot will be joining this program this week sometime. Yeah, we have a little give and take going on with the Atlanta Falcons, a little conversation because we got to know them last year with our conversations with Artie Smith. So we're chit-chatting with them. It's like, hey, we'll be excited to hear from them. And I assume they're going to give the same answer about him being the highest player on the board. But then we will ask, like, yeah, but people are saying your team, you know, potential other needs, we can get good $80 million on one particular position. Are we in the position to be just making comfort luxury picks to stack up one particular room? And he might say immediately back to us, you know how many backup quarterbacks played last year? Do you know how many injuries there were to quarterbacks last year? Look at Kirk Cousins last year. He had an Achilles. So we're looking out for it. I can't wait to hear that. But I'm pumped with what happened to these two guys teams toxic table at bossy connor at ty schmidt con man you got the quarterback of the future you're pumped about it unbelievable quarterback of the future a couple wide receivers of the future now javon baker said that he is so electric that he can make people in wheelchairs stand up i do worry that the wheelchair community is going to say hey you son of a bitch it's not that easy to stand up if you're sitting in the wheelchair so we've had to poop and pee. Exactly. There's a lot of things. They're going to be pumped because he cured it. Well, that's what I'm saying. Well, he's going to have to make some plays. Yeah, it's a big one if he's going to get people in wheelchairs to stand up. But by all accounts, from the highlights that I watched, maybe he does get a couple people who haven't stood up in a long time He does, you know, when Javon Baker did get drafted, he was looking for the liquor. He was very excited. He said it took too long, which I love. He was pissed off. You get in a dog no matter what, which is always good. Jalen Polk in the second round, you trade out. You don't take the white slot receiver. That's how you know it's a new era in New England because they decided not to take Ladd-McConkie. That would never happen in the history of the Patriots. If there is a white receiver who can run a 4-3-8 that plays in the slot, book it. National champion multiple times. Bingo. Yeah, played in the SEC for Georgia. Ten out of ten times that guy is wearing a Patriots helmet, probably this one right here. But instead, we decide not to, which is kind of awesome. The sign of the new guard. And Mayo said, you know hey look who am i to tell my offensive line coach now we're not taking that old lineman so it sounds like there's a lot of delegation going on in new england obviously we were all pretty worried or not we all i as a patriots fan new england was pretty worried about how many uh how many picks that jonathan craft might be making sounds as though mayo made all of them so that is the biggest thing coming out of the draft for me personally but yeah you take drake may at three which of course that that pick got a b grade which is kind of a bummer i mean if he's going to be a b grade player that that kind of stinks uh obviously bill had some things to say and some great things to say even though mostly people harp on the negative who would have thought kind of stunned by that but you got to be excited the future is what the future will be we won't know for a little bit probably if he is gonna start if he's gonna be the bridge but having him having joe milton guy can throw an orange 100 yards don't know if you've seen that video it's good thought it's sweet because orange cans yeah exactly so you tend to see that whole thing. But, no, it's weird as a Patriots fan for the team to go into the draft and draft the positions that they need. Two quarterbacks, two receivers, two alignment. That was very refreshing, but we'll see what happens. I personally feel like we have five, six first-team all-pro Hall of Famers that we got, but we'll see once the season starts. Okay, so to that point, you know, you talked about Bill Belichick talking about Drake May in the film that he put together immediately after Drake May was drafted to the New England Patriots. His film on everybody, except for Brock Bowers, I think. Yeah, yeah. Except for Brock Bowers, which we didn't get to air, which Bill was bummed out about. Bill wanted to show the Brock Bowers film like four to five different times we will show it at some point but the Drake May cooking I saw a lot of reaction oh yeah about he Bill has settled all the bad things about him it's like he said that about Caleb everybody literally about everybody in the draft it's like he wanted to put a realistic expectation on these particular guys because he probably assumes that the thought that all these guys are going to be great and fit in in year one is an absurd one, especially with all the people that have judged his drafts. People are like, this guy's draft is shit. It's like, well, why do you keep acting like these guys are good players? These guys are shit players. Not my fault. This is just how this entire draft is. If you look at the percentages, a lot more busts than there are bangs but he loved what the Packers did in the first round taking the tackle after you almost busted your hand how do you feel about the Packers they broke their heart a couple different times with that Cooper Dajim potential availability they actually trade out yeah Eagles actually do take him at that exact pick but how do you feel about the Packers pretty good I mean it's one of those things we're going in it it was like you knew they were going to need a tackle because Bakhtiari's leaving, obviously. And then just a couple other holes that they needed to fill. Again, it's one of those things where we've kind of said it now, like have been very vocal and loud in the past about like Brian Gutekunst doesn't know what he's doing. And I've just looked like an idiot every single time. We all have. Amen. Amen. Exactly. It wasn't the kind of thing where you're not drafting a quarterback, they're not drafting receivers, so they're not drafting positions where people typically get super excited about them. But I think the Packers going into this year were one of those teams who was primed to kind of make a run because they have so much good young talent. So it's kind of just filling in the cracks where they needed to, and they got a linebacker and they got a tackle. Those are pretty much their two biggest positions in need and obviously just personally selfish. Yeah, I would have loved for them to draft Cooper Dejean, but hey, it doesn't work out like that. You know what? I'll love watching him. He does. Yeah, I saw it down the back in the video. I watched him going in the facility. Back in the video, I watched him going into the facility. The guy's got moxie. He's got swagger. The Packers, though, yeah, we all just believe in good, good stuff. Right, for sure. I'm even – yep. If Goody's doing it, he's got to figure it out because he's been able to handle a transition better than – Yeah. Maybe ever. Maybe. Get the ground running. Or the other transition from the Packers before? Nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler. Go ahead. No, Andy Reid. I was just thinking about the transition from, I guess, Alex to Mahomes. Alex Smith, Aaron Rodgers. More than Mahomes. Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but were they, were the Chiefs in the AFC Championship? Were they? No, no. First round. Very first round. Remember Alex Smith almost had MVP that one year. He did. Best year of his career. And then see you. And then. Yeah, you're right. I guess that is. That's pretty good. Go. Go. That's not bad. That's pretty good. Right into a dynasty. Yeah. I'd say that is okay. But Goody has handled it wonderfully. And a lot of people are comparing the NFC Championship. The Packers are in the NFC Play. The Packers are almost a Super Bowl team. And then they go, all right, we can draft for luxury almost. Falcons haven't been in playoffs a long, long time. It's like, can you draft for luxury right now just to be at a pick where you've just spent all your money? Once again, we're going to talk Terry Follin, though. This week, we will find out that answer. One half of the hammer died. Cowboys, Tone Diggs, just like the Patriots, just like the Packers, just like the six teams that he's a fan of. You are a fan base that thinks you won the draft. The Pittsburgh Steelers, a lot of people are saying that right now. Yeah, not just me. Unlike those, all due respect, you guys had great drafts, and all six of your teams had a great draft, including the Colts. They were there okay but there was a consensus consensus number one it was the it was the pittsburgh sealers by a lot of people said it was pittsburgh sealers and the great thing yeah yeah okay and the great thing about this one was uh what was the worry last year the last couple years is that the sealers were getting away from the sealer way and this draft just was a rejuvenation of what the sealer way was okay three old linemen in the first five picks unbelievable you go with five thought new in the first one left tackle gonna start immediately Zach Fraser Center out of West Virginia who's an absolute dog just down the road okay gonna be a starter immediately and then you go Roman Wilson and Peyton Wilson Peyton Wilson maybe the best linebacker that's ever been created but people didn't want to take him because he didn't have doesn't have an know who else didn't have an ACL? Hines Ward. Okay. Boom. Ever heard of him? That worked out. It worked out pretty well. So, yeah, we're very pumped because just because of the type of guys that they drafted, it looks like we're getting back to football in Pittsburgh. And I think you've got a South Dakota Jackrabbit offensive lineman as well. Yeah, Wormack. McCormick. McCormick, there it is. McCormick. He looks like he's built to run through faces. That's what – I saw a video. He had some hair band while he was just – it was a highlight video. His highlight. He put out. Oh, okay. To a hair band with him, like, even doing, like, smelling salts almost, and then just pancaking people. Wow. It's like, all football. It felt good. Just like there's no questions about what they were trying to do. Okay? We're going to run the ball. We're going to play smash foul football. We're going to play defense. And we're going to get back to the old Steelers way. All right. Joining us now is a man who might have a little bit more inside information on how we got to everywhere we got to. game day on ABC draft coverage at the beginning there. Got a chance to sit next to Saban. He was awesome. He was good. Confident, too. He's going to be incredible. Wasn't scared to be like, nope, interjecting himself and be like, I don't agree with what was just said there or he likes what he's saying. To your point, a lot of that, I'm like, hell yeah, he should be that way. Also, sometimes people get a little hesitant whenever they're at a table. It's like, not at all with Saban. He's going to be fantastic on that show. Can't wait for the world to see it. But right before we went live, I talked to the man that's about to join us, and he goes, there's going to be big news tonight from a team that's going to do something. And I know how we got here, pretty much. And he said, I can't wait to do it. And then the Falcons pick happens, and I'm like, is Schefter talking about the Falcons? What is he? Ladies and gentlemen, joining us now, senior NFL insider for ESPN, Adam Schefter. Was that the pick? Was that the big one that you had all the information on? I didn't get a chance to follow up with that because life has literally been a blur since Thursday to today. I'm an undefeated coach. I don't know if you know. I won a spring game in West Virginia against Pat White. Then he retired the number five, but also hang up the headset, pal. He is completely defeated as a head coach in college. I'm completely undefeated. Was it the Falcons pick? What was the one that you knew there was going to be some shit to? I knew the quarterbacks were going early, Pat. I knew that Penix was in the conversation. I didn't, I wasn't sure that he was going to go. I knew he could go. I had a feeling that Bo Nix was going to go. We knew JJ McCarthy was going to go. So in my mind, I just knew that in the first half of the first round, there was a real chance that six quarterbacks were going to be picked. And by the way, if Pennix had slipped past the Falcons at eight and the rest of the quarterbacks went the way they did, then there was the possibility that the Raiders would have taken Pennix. So when we were standing there before the show, I said to you it's going to be a big night for quarterbacks. And I said there's going to be some big news. I had a feeling Pennix could be in play at eight. I had a feeling Pennix could be in play at 8. I had a real feel that Nix was going to be in play at 12. I knew altogether that it was going to be topsy and turvy and that the quarterbacks were going to fly off the board, and they did. Yeah, offense flew off the board. I mean, Chris Ballard with our pick at the Colts, he said we just got the best rusher in the draft because of how offensive heavy the beginning of it all was. We're kind of hearing that my sense from around the internet is like there's 31 teams that are happy with what fan bases, that are happy with what their team did. A lot of questions around Atlanta. Have you been able to snoop around a little bit into that situation? I know Kirk Cousins said he's super excited to work with Pennix, and Pennix just got dropped into this. He's top 10 draft pick. And now all he has to hear about is how dumb of a decision it is. So it sucks for Penix. We would like to let the world know. Have you dug around in that world at all? And what are other teams saying about that particular move? You know, here's the problem. I get no problem with Michael Penix or taking Michael Penix. But there are some things about it that I think raised some questions. Number one, they were at eight. They could have traded back to at the very least number 10, gotten something from the Jets who had some interest in moving up in the draft. The Jets would have moved up. The Falcons could have moved back two slots, gotten an extra fourth round pick at the very least from the New York Jets. That's number one. You could have moved further back if you would have liked that and really been willing to roll the dice that the Raiders wouldn't take Penix. Again, no issues there. And then I guess my question would be, you signed Kirk Cousins in March. If you know you're all in on Michael Penix the way they are, then why would you give Kirk Cousins $100 million before? Now, they had a lot of defensive needs, but in rounds two, three, four, they took three players along the defensive line. So you can justify it that way and say, look, they got help up front and they solidified the quarterback position. And the whole thing with this franchise was after they traded Matt Ryan to Indianapolis, they felt like they had one quarterback and they never had any quarterbacks. And I think they were scarred by that so much so that they wanted to address the quarterback in free agency. And then it was important to them, it was always going to be important to them, to address the quarterback position even more. They loved Michael Penix. Raheem Morris was a huge Penix fan. And so the way that they figured it was, we're going to lock up this position and we're going to make sure that we don't have any questions or doubts in this spot. Again, my number one question would be why we cannot trade back to try to get him an extra and pick up extra draft capital because you could have done that they say somebody would have taken michael pennix before 10 that wouldn't have happened i'm just telling you that wouldn't happen okay so i mean connor just celebrated because of pole catch there from pennix who phenomenal. And we were all very confused about how Penix wasn't being talked about as a top 10 guy. You know, going into the draft, a lot of us that watched all of college football last year and saw the way he handled his team, his teammates, and the game. It's like, this guy is an NFL guy. Now we're staring down the possibility of not seeing him for a couple years if Kirk Cousins plays exactly like how Kirk Cousins normally plays. But I guess what Orlovsky is saying from the message that he's getting inside the building is like, if he doesn't play for two years, perfect. We transition right into another quarterback. Now he'll be 26, I believe, at the time because he's already 24 years old. But last year, a lot of backups played. So maybe this decision looks good around week 11 or week 12 if something happens. Nonetheless, you never know how a draft goes for anybody until we see how they play on Sundays, Mondays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays. Fridays. Fridays, now Black Friday. And opening week, we've got a game on Friday. You know what the only expression is, Pat? On any given Wednesday. Especially if it's Christmas. You're asking to get caught there. And so I'll be excited to hear what Fontenot has to say about it as it continues to roll on. But trading back, thinking he could get him later seems like a right decision. Matt Ryan, after he retired from the Colts, he would go on to kill Boomer, Sison, and Phil Simms. Oh, yeah. and Phil Simms. Oh, yeah. Yeah, him and JJ just took them off TV. They did, both of them. Yeah, I think that's how it works. No, it is. From the way that it works is they did that. So hell of a run, boom. Good work. Way to go, Chris. Guys love it. Hey, is Phil Simms also off? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Thought I saw that. Honestly Honestly, those two guys are legends, and they had an unbelievable run and have great respect for both those guys. And Boomer's a personal friend. Love that guy. And mad respect for the careers in TV that they've had. Hey, man, Boomer's work ethic is one we're all striving for. But those two guys, end of an era. End of an era. Don't miss you, boy. And we appreciate them getting to spend Sunday mornings with them. Legit, for sure. getting to spend Sunday mornings with them. Legit, for shoot. Long time dedicated to football. We appreciate the hell out of that. Connor's got a question for you, Adam. Yeah, Shefty. It felt like Joe Wald and J.C. Latham kind of out of nowhere flew up the board. Most of the mocks going into it had the Chargers taking a Neighbors or a Doonesay just because they lost Mike Williams and Keenan Allen. Were those two always, at least in your going much, much higher than a lot of people thought? Or was that something that kind of developed on draft day, that Joe Walt and everything, they were going to go in the top seven or whatever? I believe that the Giants wanted Joe Walt to slide to them. That's my belief, that that was the hope that he was going to get to them. And I think some of this quarterback talk for the Giants might have been a little camouflaged to try to get somebody like Minnesota to trade up. Because if they traded up to the Chargers spot at five and gotten JJ McCarthy, Joe Walt would have slid right to the Giants slot at number six. And that would have been ideal for a team that last year allowed its quarterbacks to be sacked 85 times. And in my mind also, Jim Harbaugh was never going to go wide receiver at one. That's just not what he's looking to do he's he wants to hit you in the mouth and there have been some talk that they like JC Latham an awful lot they like Joe Alt who was considered the top tackle I think when you spoke to people in this league they all were convinced all along that the Chargers were going offensive tackle now there were some people that thought it would be Latham there were some people who thought they could move back from five thought it would be Latham. There were some people who thought they could move back from five, and it would be Latham if they moved back. But they just stood right where they were. They took Joe Alt. Now, again, his natural position would be left tackle, Rashawn Slater, whose option they picked up. He's a left tackle. But you know what? You got two great tackles, and you make it work. Maybe you put Joe Alt here here at right tackle he could play there and they're just going to say this is how we're building our team strong tough physical you heard jim harbaugh that day the day of the draft say why aren't offensive linemen weapons we think offensive linemen are weapons everybody wants them to take neighbors or somebody like that is an offensive weapon and instead they want offensive linemen exactly you guys know it was that deal. Isn't that Warriors, or what is that? This is hardball football. Yep. This is hardball football. That's what it is. We started doing this after they ran the Rock 32 times straight when hardball wasn't around. I'd say, hey, we're still playing hardball football. So his first pick being an offensive lineman was maybe the most obvious thing of all time. Him singing Hail to the Victors in the war room. Also majestic over the weekend. The whole thing. He sings the whole thing in front of the whole room. Go blue. All right. Good performance. You know what's funny about the Jim Harbaugh stuff? Like last week in Detroit, I'm watching ESPN, and they got these odds shifting on whether the Chargers will draft J.J. McCarthy. I'm like, where is this coming from? Now, the interesting part about it. That was on your network, Schefter. That was on your network. That would be you. It was coming from. No, the odds were going way up on it all of a sudden for some reason. By the way, we were talking about you had me on from Ann Arbor two Fridays ago, and the odds on Drake May had gone up. And the truth is the commanders, the two quarterbacks they had in consideration at two were Jaden Daniels and J.J. McCarthy. So Drake May wasn't going to. He just wasn't going to. He's going to put three to New England. But back to Harbaugh a second. What's interesting about that is what would have been really cool, and there were other teams that were thinking that this would have been cool, if Jim Harbaugh believed in J.J. McCarthy as the best quarterback in this draft class, as he said, as the best quarterback in the history of Michigan football, as the man who had the best pro day of any quarterback he's ever seen, why not go take that quarterback at five and go trade Justinin herbert and you could have traded justin herbert for i'm gonna make this up off time at four ones four ones okay right and and you know what i wasn't the only one that had the idea the chargers couldn't do it because the cap charge for this year would have been about 64 million dollars and all the new money in his contract was coming due and i think the patriots and the Vikings had the same idea because both teams reached out to the Chargers to inquire about Justin Herbert and were flat-out rejected before there could be any talk. So they thought the same thing that I did. Like, hey, you like J.J. McCarthy so much? Go pick him and trade us Justin Herbert. But they never even considered it. Imagine, Jim. Easy, easy, easy, easy. Justin Herbert, though, potentially a Patriot. Look out. He's potentially a Patriot in the draft, I heard. And now we potentially take him home. I'm just going to make this up. Four ones off the top, Mike. Could you imagine getting four ones your first year? If the Chargers are going to trade Justin Herbert today, what do you think the price would be considering? That's probably it. Four ones and a fifth. Because that Jimmy Johnson trade card will come in somehow. And you're like, we need another 26 points. So we need a fifth rounder on top of the four ones. Well, when the Niners traded up for Trey Lance, it was 12-3. It was three ones and a two. Right? For Trey Lance at the number three spot. And a player. Maybe tenrey Lance at the number three spot. And a player. Maybe ten ones. You might need to give him six or seven. Maybe ten ones. By the way, if I were the Vikings or the Patriots, I would say, okay. Four ones. You got it. Six foot five, handsome, fast. Guy can throw the ball forever. The only reason why he hasn't been able to win is because seemingly, and I don't want to sound like this. I don't want to talk about these two men as humans, probably good guys. Doofus is making decisions in crucial situations. That team has had the lead with like minute 30, minute 17 left. If you go back over the last three years, I would assume more than anybody ever and nothing to show for it. Absolutely nothing to show for it. Absolutely nothing to show for it. This year, it's different, though, because you're going to be able to do this one right here. And by the way, and that goes to the Joe All pick. He wants to be physical. He wants to be tough. He doesn't want to be like the Chargers have been in other years, and that's the reason that they hired him is to bring his brand of football to los angeles to establish the culture that he wants and the best way to do that was not by picking a wide receiver it was going to be by picking an offensive line unless of course he wanted to trade justin herbert which they never considered doing latham going to tennessee sucks though yeah yeah i mean what's the deal down there? They seemingly have a plan. Seriously. I hate that. You fire Vrabel out of nowhere, I'm thinking, all right, this is the new Texans. Sounds funny. We got idiots here. This is good news. We got dummies. By the way, that division, Pat, and it's bad news for you too, that division got really good really quick. Yeah, so did we, Chef. Jeez. Very good. What happened in Houston is not supposed to happen. Obviously, C.J. Stroud is an actual anomaly. And he's funny as shit. He's seemingly the perfect guy for them. And they turned the whole thing around. Will Anderson, D'Amico Rice. One point about that I want to make also. Do you realize how fortunate the Texans are that they beat the Colts in that last game, which cost them the number one pick, right? And then they go to number two. Now, you can tell me whatever you want, but I'm just telling you, if the Texans had the number one pick that year, I believe they would have taken Bryce Young at number one, but they did. The Panthers traded up to number one, and they got Bryce Young, forcing the Texans to go C.J. Stroud at two. And that also, I think, points to how you need a little bit of luck in the draft. It's not always the skill. It's not always the evaluations. Sometimes you have to be forced into a decision that falls into your lap like the Texans were, and they've made the most of it with C.J. Stroud, who looks like the best young quarterback in the league. Yeah, of all time, potentially. Yeah, and then you're talking about the AFC South, good in a hurry. It's like Tennessee's doing it. They know exactly what they're doing and what they're trying to do. It's like, that's not great as we look down the horizon. They're getting updated stadium, too. They're supposed to be in a dump in the middle of one of the greatest cities of all time. That stadium Jaguars have Doug Peterson. I assume they're going to be good. But the Colts got better this weekend, too. We got the best in Russia in the draft. Love that. D-Bot's got a question for you about the draft. Yeah, I got a question. Obviously, we hear about it as a former draft prospect. Hey, when they're digging into your background, they're going to talk to your high school coach, custodian of college. The Spencer Rattler of slide and then the rumors and reports coming out that maybe it has something to do with his qb1 stuff when he was way back in high school is there any truth to that you know what i think it was with spencer rattler more than anything else the two teams that liked him most in my mind based on the people i spoke to were the denver broncos and the atlanta falcons and i think they had a mid-second early third round grade on them and Spencer Rattler's big problem there was that the Broncos went Bo Nix at 12, the Falcons went Michael Penix at 8, and his two best options closed up immediately, which left him sitting on the board longer than a lot of people think. I think that had as much to do with it as anything else. You can talk about all the other factors, but there were some people on some teams, and I know this because I asked them before the draft, how high do you think Spencer Rattler's going to go? Ah, mid-second, early third. Well, the problem was two potential landing spots closed up really quick, and that caused him, in my mind, to slide further than a lot of people thought he would. Interesting, all these little, you know, games. Because they say you only need one person interested. You only need one team interested. That can make you a top 10 pick yeah if one person is very very very interested shout out atlanta yeah michael penix jr in this particular draft but that's happened a lot of times in the past but if you have two people interested then they're both more interested in somebody else oh that's a bad spot to be doesn't matter how you get in the building though remember that spence doesn't matter how you get in the building, though. Remember that, Spence. Doesn't matter how you get in. Now, speaking of the building, San Francisco 49ers took a couple wide receivers early. What does that mean over there, Ty? Yeah, Sheffield, there was a lot of speculation going into the draft, whether it was, hey, are they going to re-sign Brandon Ayuk? And then all these rumors came out that Debo might be getting traded, and they obviously draft Pearsall. see draft pierce all uh can we assume that both of those guys are going to be staying put in san francisco are they still kind of working through things and is it possible that one of those guys is on a different team before the start of next year uh here's where we're at with that essentially by the way i got one more story about that we talk about just how strange the draft is before i answer the question about the niners i remember the year i was on the phone with the Rams in the second round like, what are we thinking today? There's this tight end from I think it was South Alabama that we really, really like, Gerald Everett. Oh, we like this guy. We'd like to get him. And I'm on the phone with the 49ers. I'm like, what are you thinking in the second round? Like, oh, there's this is going to be interesting to see who gets Gerald Everett today. I sit back, I watch, and the Rams get Gerald Everett, causing the 49ers to fall back in the draft. And in the fifth round that year, the 49ers took a tight end because they didn't get Gerald Everett by the name of George Kittle. So it worked out okay for them that particular year. But in regards to the wide receivers today, I think what happened is at various points during the offseason, they had inquiries about Brandon Ayuk, and they decided they wanted to try to sign him to a long-term contract that they're still trying to get done. They got a couple of inquiries on Debo. Nothing got close to getting done. And they said over the weekend, and I believe this is the plan, that the plan right now is to move forward with both those guys. Now, here's the deal. Iyuk has not signed that contract. He's headed into the last year of his deal. Juwan Jennings is headed into the last year of his deal. And Debo Samuel is headed into the last year of guaranteed money on his deal that has two years left. So clearly, there are wide receiver questions in San Francisco that they're going to have to address. So they got out in front of it this weekend by drafting the two wide receivers that they did, including Ricky Pearsall in round one. And Ricky Pearsall, the funny thing is he wanted to go to San Francisco. That was the place he mentioned before the draft to a few people that he wanted to go to. He winds up there in a perfect spot for him, making some of the catches that he has. And now the Niners don't plan to move on from either of those guys. Now, could that change at some point? Sure. Absolutely. And by the way, if there's a team that all of a sudden has a wide receiver injury and makes a big play, could you probably lose one of these guys? It's not what they would like to do. It's not what they're planning to do. It's not what they want to do. But clearly we know that there are some wide receiver questions out in San Francisco right now. Yeah, they're going to have to figure it out, especially if somebody makes a good offer for one of those guys. Especially when you've got to pay Purdy after this year. Well, the Purdy is the reason why they're able to have all this right now, though. Correct. Yeah, so right now they're able to have it all. But it is, you know, that's not a light at the end of the tunnel. No. That's another train, brother. Yeah. And that is Brock Purdy's contract that is going to be gigantic. Yep. Yeah, because there's no hometown discount there. Because he was, get shit for the first couple years. So that's going to be a big one. Hey, let's go back to the number three overall pick. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Shefty, at three and even two, what was the best offer? Because obviously Minnesota, there was a lot of talk of them moving up. Did they ever offer one of their premier players? And same with even like a Raiders situation. Did they ever offer one of their top dogs, or was it just the first-round picks of this year and next year? Conor wants me to say that the Vikings offered Justin Jefferson to get up to number three. Did they? Did they or no? No, they did not. They did not offer that. They offered various pick packages to come up there. The Vikings had the most discussions with the Patriots. And on Thursday, I texted somebody knowing I'm like, any chance this gets done? And the text I got back a few hours before the draft was zero chance, zero. So clearly, the Patriots were determined to stick where they were. They knew, like everybody else, that Caleb williams was going one that jayden williams was going to and that they were going to be able to take drake may they talked to the giants and the giants you know i don't know that the giants weren't for joe alt at three as opposed to the quarterback i know we talked a lot about them the giants really wanted joe it sounds like it yeah i think they wanted joe alt that's my suspicion based on things I've heard from people. It's unconfirmed. I want to be very clear about that. But that's what I believe is they wanted Joe Alt there. And for the right price, if they could have gotten up there and it made sense, they could have done that. But New England never came close to dealing that pick. They were very consistent in the idea that it was going to take a lot for them to move. It was highly unlikely that they were going to move, and then the text came in a few hours before the draft, zero chance they're moving. It was consistent all along. They always were going to stay. Okay, so from what you said, the Giants all in on Daniel Jones, right? Sounds like it. We want to protect them. If we can't protect them, let's get them a weapon. There is all in as they can be. There is all in as they can be. Let's not forget, they did bring in Drew Locke, who they like. And if Daniel Jones is healthy, yeah, they'd love to see him be healthy. But you're also talking about a guy coming off the ACL who's had neck injuries. The eyes. Their ability has been a question. The eyes. We saw it. Exactly. That was one of those Adam Gase-like press conference. Hey, you look refreshed, by the way. How pumped were you that the draft was over? Pretty pumped? You know, yeah. Well, it's always nice. To me, the analogy that I use is it's always like finishing finals at the end of the school year. And back then, you're off for a couple of months. What I've learned with this league is it's slower, but you're never off. Speaking of that, Tone has a question for you. Speaking of slower, Shefty, there's still a decent amount, a good amount of free agents left, some big-name free agents left. Bakhtiari's out there, Stephon Gilmore's out there, OBJ, Tyler Boyd, Justin Simmons. Are these going to take a bit of time to happen, going to take a bit of time to happen, or now that the draft is over, are we going to start immediately seeing some of these names come off the board, per se? Trying to ruin my summer vacation array right there. Well, you said it slows down. Yeah, figure it out, Shefty. We're still going, by the way, so if you want to drop out of your summer vacation and give us some shit, we'd be very grateful. We would be very grateful. Well, look, you see Zeke go to Dallas and a one-year deal worth up to $3 million. That a baby Zeke! Odell Beckham's still out there. Some of those names that you brought up, I think some of these guys, they wanted to wait to see how the draft went, see what teams came up short at certain spots, and then they could go figure out where they're best used, where they're greatest value. It's And then they could go figure out where they're best used, where their greatest value is. Like, Makai Becton, he wanted to just see how this fell. The Eagles didn't draft an offensive tackle in this draft. So he goes to Philadelphia, where he gets a deal up to $5.5 million. He can go play for Jeff Stel. So I think these guys were just kind of waiting for this. And now I think you'll start to see a slow movement of some of these guys finding homes. All right. see a slow movement of some of these guys finding homes all right well we'll keep an eye out on the uh the old x account you know to see if you're still working and uh pat i'm always working we're gonna check that life journal you have make sure that's true make sure you didn't take any days off you know because we'll be able to keep track of it all as you have it documented and whenever the hailed song starts, do all Michigan people have to sing it? Well, it's not a rule or a law, but you know, I will say that this was the day that I actually graduated from Michigan 35 years ago. Well, to that note. Hail to the victory heroes. Hail to Michigan. Hail to the leaders and men. Hail to the victors and men. Hail to the conquering heroes. Hail, hail to Michigan and the champions of the West. Go blue. And then he gave him a round of applause. I don't know who got drafted, but Harbaugh stole the moment out of the room, as he should have. Congrats on graduating from Michigan, pal. It really led you to a dominating career of never taking a day off and always on your phone. Well, you know, I'm sending the picture of my graduation. You'll notice one thing. I just texted it to you, right? Okay. So take a look at that right now. I texted it to you and Foss. And tell me what stands out about that picture if it is has hit your phone yet pat you see it traps i do stacked i mean look at the he's got chucks on in this thing i just sent it well hold on that was 35 years ago as one of my college roommates in that photo point that i invented the hashtag back then you You were holding the number sign. Wow. Yeah, there it is, right? 35 years ago today, that was about three weeks after Michigan won the national championship in basketball, beat Seton Hall out in Seattle. My friends and I were out there for that game. And that was 35 years ago today that we graduated Michigan. And we did the NCAA number one on our caps. And I drew the hashtag. Well, it's a pound sign back then, but the, so is that Zuckerberg's brother far left? Who? Is that a Zuckerberg? Hold on. Is that a Zuckerberg, dude? Is that right? Actually, that guy, his name is Sam Stemple and he's the smartest Mark Zuckerberg. I'll just tell you that right now. He He's the smartest one you said? Well, they're all very smart. It's a smart group of guys, but that guy's very smart. This guy's a bro. This guy got after it. Yeah, he was boozing. Yeah, he did. That's Moan. Wait, that's Moan. That's Moan right there. Moan? We call him Moan. Not even going to get into it. Not even going to get into it. Not even going to get into it. You guys see what you're going to do. Big wolves. The big guys, the big wolves. Okay. Yep. Then we got Fax. This guy's a dog. Yeah, he's a dog. He lived in the basement of our house in a molespore infested house right there. He lived amongst that, right? I don't want to judge people just by the cover, but we knew that. We knew that about him. And who's this? This guy's super pumped. He's got to be in finance somewhere. What do you say? He's retired by now. He's made so much money. He doesn't need to work anymore. In finance? In money? Yeah. I tell this by looking at his face. I don't want to do this entire thing, but... IT or some sort? So he's doing something on the internet just because he looks like Zuckerberg? That makes no sense. He's doing technology? What's he? Which one? Far left. He's a lawyer now, but honestly, incredibly intelligent. We're on two for three. Let's stop. We would have known this guy was going to be an insider. Three out of four. Not bad. We appreciate the hell out of you. Congrats on graduating and thank you for everything all the way up until the draft. All the news and intel and everything like that. Always my pleasure, guys. Call anytime. I'll be working anytime you want. Chef, you take some time off. Take a little rest. Maybe breathe a little bit. My wife says just keep working. Hey, don't you have something to do? Don't you have something to do? Yeah, I understand. Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I'm Schefter. They love each other. Yes, they do. He's pretty stacked in that photo. He was super pumped. He's got a little AJ Hawking. I created the hashtag. The pound sign's been around. It's a good claim. It has been for a long time. Yeah, it used to be you have to hit pound something. Yeah, right. Then it was also a number. Now it's a hashtag. We talked about this the other day whenever we were up in Montréal because I was trying to figure out what the hell their things were. And I was like, man, French has got to be a tough language to actually learn. And then you think about, like, English. We have so much dumb shit. I couldn't even imagine. You know, the parkway, driveway thing. You get into that. But how about just the pound, hashtag, number sign? That's three things. Just this little, yeah, does this, does this, does this. Somebody who speaks English, you guys are dumb. We agree. We agree. It is the dumbest thing of all time. How about the draft and how big it was? We just talked about it, obviously, on Monday. The numbers are in. 12 million or something like that? Damn. 12 million people, I believe, is the viewership average. That happened for, yeah, 12.1 million viewers of the first round of the NFL draft. That's more than a World Series, okay, we'll ever get. That's more than all 2023 Stanley Cup Finals games. That's going to change this year, though. Yes, it is. Hockey numbers are up. Hockey numbers are up as they should be. Hockey is fantastic. We'll be talking to P.K. Subban in about an hour from now. Chit-chat about that. How about 2023 NBA Finals games? How about every 2023 college football regular season game? How about the draft? ball regular season game but how about the draft 32 names being announced in their dreams coming true potentially never being worth a damn in the nfl 12.1 million viewers and then let's go to the people that showed up shout out to detroit yeah hell yeah shout out to great host the location was perfect too they took a part of downtown and basically turned it into a massive amphitheater. And the way the buildings were set up, it was like perfect. It was a perfect, optically, I think, audio-wise, it was great. I think there wasn't really a bad seat in there. And it seemed to be great vibes. Yes. I didn't see any negative vibes at all. A lot of boozing happening. A lot of people smoking weed in there. And it was just good vibes. Kids, adults, olds. I mean, it was fantastic. 775,000 people come through. Hell yeah. That's what the NFL is estimating. That's phenomenal. We were at Nashville, and that felt like that was the fakest of all time. Like 600,000. This is where it should be every single year. was the fakest of all time yeah like 600 000 this is where it should be every single year if they're able to host that many people first of all able to house that many people in hotels able to feed that many people whenever it comes to restaurants and everything this is the perfect location they go to detroit and it's like actually uh almost 200 000 more people came through it's like okay i'm excited to see what happens in green bay next year and then a year after that tone digsiggs tried to force it into Goodell's head. Pittsburgh's trying to get it. It's like these football cities. You'll get people flocking in there because how much other shit? Thursday night, what else are we... Are we going down to Heinz Hall in Pittsburgh to see the Pittsburgh Symphony? Or are we potentially going to boo Roger Goodell's ass and then see what everybody else is doing. It's like, they found something with this draft. Congrats to the NFL, and shout to Detroit for showing up. Greatest year of football for the state of Michigan's history. You had U of M win the title. Obviously, the Lions did what the Lions do, and then we show out the draft. It was, like, really, really awesome to see that. Way to go, Michigan. Cold as month cold as shit way to go very cool way to go we had the sun though that was rare we had some sun yeah i did get a little burn too i was cold and i got burnt yeah perfect shout out michigan it was nice uh it will be interesting to see what like what it's like at lambo and everything because i i was initially gonna say it seems like now at this point it's just gonna be every year is gonna is gonna break the previous year's attendance record like it's getting to the point where it just it keeps getting bigger and bigger and obviously like they're not worried about it but to not even think or care at all like hey there's going to be playoff hockey there's going to be playoff basketball on the same night like doesn't matter we own this night and and they will for the foreseeable future like it the and and in detroit too like the way they had that set up with the food trucks and everything, it just— It was great. It was. It really was. Mom's spaghetti was right there. Gotta have some of that. I wasn't able to because it was a little bit of a cluster for us getting out of there. And shout out to everybody that came by and said hello. Feels like it was all the biggest football fans for each team flocked to that, which is probably going to start happening. You know know because it's free right so it's like super bowl is cool and you hope your team gets there and there's people that do every single super bowl very expensive thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars it's like the draft hotel room travel you're there you're at an nfl event so i think they hit a home run here he said uh roger goodell told us on friday that the cities that can't host a super bowl are very much pitching the NFL for the draft. He said it's more competitive to get the draft now than it is maybe even the Super Bowl. Yeah, you think about Pittsburgh could never host the Super Bowl just because nobody wants to have a Super Bowl where it's 25 and snowing. That's not a situation you want, but if the draft late April, weather's not a super concern. I mean, it was cold in Detroit, but I think that's because there was a lot of wind going on there. Yeah, but even if it's cold, who cares? They were in Cleveland. It was raining. Proven to work now, especially because of how cold and windy it was in Detroit. It doesn't matter. The people that are going to these cities to these drafts, it's football weather. We had a crowd out there on Friday at noon. Wild. just got more and more packed as the show went on, obviously. How about Ty? Just telling that. Just healing. Hey, they, you know, they egged him on. He was good. He was good for the whole two days there, and, you know, he just had enough. Let's pivot away from the NFL draft. Let's go to the NBA. Obviously, it is abnormal. And then you look at the East. Is there a chance that the Boston Celtics lose? Ladies and gentlemen, to tell us all the answers to everything, Ryan Whittle. Wendy, you look phenomenal. Guys, there was never a concern about there being a playoff game in Detroit this last weekend. Pistons sucked Guys, there was never a concern about there being a playoff game in Detroit this last weekend. Okay, I agree. Pistons sucked. Worse than anybody ever. By far. Hey, the Red Wings are really close, Wendy. Come on now. Yeah, but hold on. I was hearing this banner city for banner year for Detroit, and I was like, I'm waiting for the Pistons. I didn't hear about the Pistons there. Well, they learned that you can be that bad while paying a coach that much. That's big development. That is big development up there in Detroit. And for many more years. Tell them, Wendy. So many years. Tell them. Bogsy. Red Wings suck, too. So, you know, if you have a good Lions team, you're in a good spot. It's a football city. It's a football city in the end. Let's talk about the NBA right now. So there was a sweep. Phoenix Suns, out. Now Kevin Durant, Booker, the whole squad over there have to watch the rest of the playoffs. Now there's going to be full conversations about Kevin Durant because how great he is. This guy, what is this guy ever? How come everywhere he goes it ends up bad? And then Frank Vogel, this guy needs to get the hell out of town. Ishpia, the owner. This guy's a doofus. This is, I think... Not the Detroit guy. Detroit. Wendy, Wendy. You've got to understand, Wendy. We were just the most positive about Detroit. This show has ever been the last 15 minutes, and then you came on, of all people. He's an Ohio guy. He's an Ohio guy. State up north. But right now, the Phoenix Suns blow it up. Is that what's happening because Ant-Man and Cat came to town and took over? Or what is the case in Phoenix? Is this always how this goes in the NBA if somebody gets swept in the playoffs? Well, here's the thing. This is why this is so fascinating. They can't blow it up. So I've compared this to poker. I don't know if you guys are poker players. Let's say you go all in and they hand the poker and you lose, because that's what happened with the Suns this year. They traded all this stuff. They went all in with this roster. They lost. Well, here's your option when you go all in and lose. You either buy back in or you come back and play another day, the next event. But with where where the suns are with what they traded for durant and bradley beal and with what the rules are because the rules have really clamped down on teams being able to with star players being able to change their team this would like be going all in with a bad hand and then not being able to buy back in and when you came back you had to play the same hand because and everybody knew it yeah yes because here's the thing like like you can say oh yeah we're going to do this and this and this they functionally can only trade three players on their team seriously they can only trade kevin durant well he's a hall of famer i'm not sure you want to trade him devin booker who's your franchise player and yusef nurkic that's it and when i say that's the only thing they can trade like i'm not messing around they're not allowed to trade bradley beal because he's got a no trade clause the two other like sort of supporting players grayson allen and royce o'Neal, are both free agents. Grayson just signed a contract extension. He's not allowed to be traded, and Royce O'Neal is a free agent. That's it. Other than that, it's like guys making $2 million. And to get Durant and Beal, they traded four first-round picks, six second-round picks, and four pick swaps like you can also trade a swap of your first round pick they traded four of those so they literally have nothing to trade so and even if like you could like sign a player and trade him because of how much money they're spending they're not allowed to sign and trade a player and they're not allowed to sign anybody to the mid-level exception like so back in the day you remember when the heat came together uh bosh wade lebron they spent a lot of money the next two years they added shane baddiet and ray allen on the mid-level exception you can sometimes really get quality role players because of how much money they're spending and their rules, they've had that taken away. They're not allowed to use that. So they can't really sign anybody other than the minimum. They can't really trade anybody unless they want to trade a star player. And so you want to know why everybody's thinking Frank Vogel's going to get fired? Because you can't do anything else. And so that's where the Suns are. It's not a good place to be after what they did this year. We literally can't we forfeited our right to do everything in an attempt to maybe win a game or two this year and we didn't win any playoffs. So you're out. Everybody else is still in. I think the only reason why I said well to Kevin Durant potentially getting traded because the thought of him playing alongside Ant-Man. I'm a Durant fan, I'm a KD fan. So just the thought of how much he respects this dude, and then also if they were to be on the same team as each other, I would love to watch it. Is KD going to get traded? Is he going to force his way out of this entire thing? Because that's how the NBA works, as we understand it. You're right. So there's this kind of interesting moment happening. Kevin Durant is eligible for a contract extension. Now, he is 35 years old. He will turn 36 right before next season starts in September. He has two years and $105 million on his contract. But because he is eligible for a contract extension, it creates a natural moment for Durant and the team to basically make a comment on each other. Does the team say, Kevin, we'd like to offer you another $60 million when you're 38? Maybe not. But what if they don't? And then what does Durant say? What if they come to him and say, Kevin, would you like to sign, stay here in Phoenix for the end of your career? What if they come to him and say, Kevin, would you like to sign? Stay here in Phoenix for the end of your career. What if he doesn't? And that's not something that can be hashed out until July, but that's one of those things. You're already wondering what they're going to do. If he does an extension, it sort of settles things down. Whether it's smart or not, it's a different conversation. If he doesn't do an extension or it becomes clear in June that he doesn't want to, or the sons don't want to, then you have possible kindling for something to happen. So we'll let this water calm a little bit, but there is a coming thing with Durant. That's going to be, you know, really revealing about how these two sides feel about each other. And we will keep our eyes out for any concerts. He goes to, if how these two sides feel about each other. And we will keep our eyes out for any concerts he goes to. If Mark Cuban's at a concert, you know, or Balmer is at a concert, or any other owners that we know are there, because there might be some backroom negotiating going on. That's right. Because remember, that is now. These days in the NBA, they do it in the front room. They don't even care about the back room most of the time. Going to get caught up when you do that. You're going to get caught up when you do that. Connor's got a question for you. Yeah, Wendy, another pillar player of that generation, LeBron James. Obviously the Lakers didn't get swept, but by all counts, people are expecting the Nuggets to kind of close it out tonight 4-1. Is there a chance that this is a similar situation, not money-wise, but player-wise, where LeBron might think about going somewhere else after losing to the same team two years in a row? And is there any chance that he says, you know what, hey, I am the greatest player of all time. There's a kid in San Antonio who's 19 that could probably use some advice, perhaps, going forward in his 20-year career that we all expect Wemby to have. Is there any way that happens, or do you think LeBron probably runs it back with the Lakers and then next year loses maybe 4-2 to the Nuggets? Well, you opened up a can of something there, Connor, with Wemba and Yama. Let's just set that aside for right now. The questions you're asking are the questions that the reporters in Denver, if the Lakers lose tonight, will ask LeBron. Because if you remember last year when they lost to the Nuggets, he basically walked out of Staples Center and left the door open for retiring. He was in that mindset. Now he, I think, pretty quickly walked it back. But you're going to have to check in with him. Based on my conversations and my feel, I don't think he's going to retire. I do think he's going to play at least one more season. He has a contract decision. He has an option in his contract. And what he does will be somewhat interesting. I really don't see him leaving. I don't see him playing anywhere other than L.A. for a number of different reasons. And no matter what you think about this Lakers team, and no matter what you think about LeBron, the Lakers need LeBron. There will be a day where they have another star because they've always had another star. But right now, LeBron is the signature star of the Lakers. He's not their best player. That's Anthony Davis. But LeBron is the signature star for the Lakers. And I think that they're going to stay together. But LeBron, I do think will opt out. And I think he's going to opt out for two reasons. One, his son is in the draft. And he has expressed on a number of occasions and sometimes more you know hotly than than others hold on that he's is that breaking no we knew that he was no well he entered the transfer portal and and um i don't know if he's you know file his paperwork for declaring but him him going into the draft is a strong option that is being considered. I'll tell you, I don't think he's going to return to USC. He could go to another college. He's going to the draft. Thank you, Wendy. We appreciate you. Put it on the ticket. I think he's going to the draft. Put it on the ticket. All right, sweet. Appreciate that. So, number one, you know, like the draft is like June 27th or 28th, whatever it is, and the free agency starts July 1st. So LeBron having his free agency open during the draft could be beneficial. The second reason is that LeBron does not have a no trade clause in his contract. And if he picks up an option in the deal, he can't get a no trade clause. And at the trade deadline this year, there were conversations between the Warriors and the Lakers about him. Now, I wouldn't think that the Lakers would ever trade him, and certainly that they would never trade him without his consent. But why not get a no-trade clause if you can get it? And you can't get it without opting out. So for those two reasons, he's going to opt out. But before we move on, let me say something about Wemba Yama. Somebody, some star player, I predict, is going to look at what's going on in San Antonio and say, I want to be there. Go put me next to that guy. I don't know who it's going to be, but somebody is going to get – it's probably not going to be a guy who's a number one on his team now. My guess is it's going to be a guy who's maybe in the middle of his career who realizes he can't win it all by himself. That situation in San Antonio is too exciting to not have somebody want to go play with that guy. I don't think it's going to be LeBron, but it's going to be LeBron. Damian Lillard? Is that who we're talking about? Dame is under long-term contract in Milwaukee. Now that's an interesting name. Oh, hey, we're doing the basketball. We're doing the basketball today. We're about to come up on a hard out. Anything else happening in the NBA that we need to know that we might have missed over the last few days, Wendy? Clippers Mavericks series is hot. And Luke looks a little bit banged up. That was a fascinating game. Kyrie, I don't know if he's ever played better. Game five, Wednesday night in L.A., that's going to be, that to me is one of the big moments of the first round. Absolutely. Paul George, James Harden go bananas, as does Luka and Kyrie. Kyrie was just unconscious for a bit. And then also, whenever he starts doing this shit. Like, what is this? And then this shit. How? I mean, that's James Harden, Paul George, and Cousy. That's one of the most amazing baskets I've ever seen. Yeah, and that's just a number of them that he's had this year. Remember, he had the running left-handed baby hook to win the game or whatever after just a couple. Or a yoke. Yeah, he is phenomenal. The NBA playoffs have been great basketball. It's been fun to watch. The Knicks, Jalen Brunson doing magical stuff. I mean, the Celtics obviously doing their thing. We're in for a good one. We appreciate you, ladies and gentlemen. Brian Windhorst, thank you, buddy. Yeah, we did. All right, we've got to holler it out. Hour 2 will be on the other side. A.J. Hawk will be here. Daniel Jeremiah will be here Oh, yeah, only sweep so far as the Rangers over the Capitals is that because the Rangers of Rangers or the Capitals not deserve a Shot at the playoffs should have been the pants Mm-hmm hockey ratings are up. Oh, yeah big time people fall in love with sport How could you not we back on the other side of the break be a friend tell a friend something nice it might change their life take Ladies and gentlemen, who's the Mentalist will be joining us. Yeah, O's. All right, O's. Let's go. What's the pick? I'm not giving away for free. Bill, what time is it right now? 7.57. Write it as big as you can. Wow. Okay. It's about to get weird. From this point on, I never touch this bad boy. We're going to revisit later in the draft. All right, let's get in here, you six of a bitch. Get in here. Almost two hours. Hold it, hold it. Oh, don't drop it. Oh, no. I dropped it. I dropped it. AJ, take the cards. Look through them. And here's the thing. I want this to be random. Yeah, you can do it. Okay. I want you to take, but hold on. I don't want you to look for your favorite. Bill's looking at Sean Tate right now. There we go. Head boy, Bill. AJ, slow, slow, slow. Lift. No, no, no. Take off a piece. Oh, you fucked my shirt. Right here. And don't look at it. Lift it up. I'm not. Put it against your body. That feel right? Like this was the right moment for you. You want to change, put it back. All right, I'm putting it back. It's up to you. All right. Lift off wherever you want. We're back. More or less. No, that's not. Okay. Now I'm good. Three times. Okay. This is a good one. Are you sure? Yeah, of course. Stay right there locked and loaded. I want you to see this. Look, AJ, open it up. No. No fucking way. No way. And show us and show AJ what you got. What is that? Show us. Nine to nine. Turn around and show us where you're at. You ready? Yep, turn it around. No way. Shot! It's gone! 757, that thing. What? That's been in there since Imagine that you somehow know the game of the year next season. Tell us what are the two teams that you're seeing in this game. Say it. Packers and 49ers. Who do you think is going to win that game? Packers 34, Niners 27. Tell me on your life. Did I tell you to say any? Did I say it? You did, and I swear to God, if you get this right, I'm going to rip your fucking head off. Tell them the game of the year. Oh, my God. Freedom to him. Come on, bro. Freedom to him. Packers beat the 49ers 34-27. Remember this screen. Whatever happens this season. Open up what's been in this since 757. Come on, dude. There's something wrong with you. Open it up. It says Brock Bowers. Jesus. How? Fuck this guy. Oh, fucking way. He went away! The real way! This guy's a witch! Bears, Caleb Williams. 100% we knew it. No. Commanders, Jaden Daniels. No, don't do that. Patriots, Drake May. Cardinals, Marvin Harrison Jr. Chargers, Joe Walt. Giants, Malik Neighbors. Titans, JC Latham. Michael Penix Jr. Roma Dunze. Vikings, from Jets. J.J. McCarthy, Jets from Vikings. Olufeshanu, Broncos, Bo, Nixon in the 13th pick. Oh my God. Bowers to the Raiders. I'm so happy I'm not on that team. Taped on his chest since 757. Right now it is 950. You're a demon. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pink! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. Hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode the thunderdome on this overreaction monday april 29th 2024 out to the program starts now sports are wonderful and we get a chance to chat about them every single day and we can't thank you enough for joining us the draft was this weekend the nba playoffs are taking place the nhl playoffs are taking place. Baseball is happening. Yeah, sure. And arena football is taking place. Just go on X and just search like arena league right now. And just start scrolling. They got a real Bush League shady operation cooking over there from what we've been told. Some teams have run up $25,000 bills at Super 8 motels. And the players are being told they have to pay that or get the help. Guys are sleeping in cars right now in the Arena League. They're playing on arena football fields that have uprights that are, like, twisted and down. It looked pads not even covering all the walls in some of the photos. The Arena League's in a bad spot. Very bad. Okay, players get screwed, allegedly, you know, which has always taken place in these spring leagues. The players are the ones that end up having to suffer the whole blow. But we want to let everybody know, hey, we're pulling for you. That's right. Good luck. More football is better football. Sure. Has anybody watched the XFL? Sorry. The UFL? The Yeah. About a couple. We need to watch it. Yes. We want more football, right? Absolutely. Isn't that the whole sale? We need to start watching that. Foxy, how come you're not watching any UFO? Yeah, I saw what I needed to see. We got a kicker in Detroit that's going to be on the lines next year hitting 65-yard bombs. I'm good. He's a must-watch at kickers. Michigan Panthers Brad Wings out there? Yeah. Watching him? Okay. Chase Wurger. Has anybody watched the game? Yeah. Once he's throwing one out, he's my favorite player, so it was one of those things. I watched a little yesterday. Yeah. There was a, it was on like a TV, like adjacent to where I was sitting. That's good. At least we're running numbers up. Yeah. That's Talks Table. That boss Connor Don. Cowboys, Tony Diggs. Didn't know it was still around, but it's in trouble. Nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler is here. Good to be here. And joining us now live from an attic in Ohio, a man who's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup winner, and the current president of Ohio, ladies and gentlemen, A.J. Hawke. Yeah, Hawker. Hawker, you watching any of this Arena League stuff? We need to get some eyes on the Arena League with what's going on. I've read on the Internet. Yeah, I'm a bit concerned of what's going on in the Arena League. And I actually just tried to look up the UFL. And I think UFL.com goes to the University of Florida. So that's one roadblock we may have there. Maybe it's just, are they going XFL.com? Is that where they are? Their Twitter Still that. I know that. They should have kept the X. For sure. They should have. They should have. No doubt. I mean, the rock was associated with the X. It's the UFL.com. The? Like T-H-E-E? Yeah. Okay. No, like T-H-E. Sorry. Oh, the. That's just how I pronounce the V. Well, of course you do. Anyways, we need to get eyeballs on this. We need more football. Absolutely. Let's go, UFL. Come on, showboats. Let's go, UFL. AJ, big weekend, obviously, with the draft. And we were up there in Detroit. I don't know if you saw what the numbers were for that thing. We laid them out in the first hour. You're talking about bigger than basically every other sports finals. The World Series, obviously, bigger than. NBA playoffs and NHL playoffs were up against it. They outrated it on the same exact night. Everything for everybody else is plateauing or going down. The NFL, even their appetizers. This is just a little side on you. You know what I mean? This is just shrimp cocktail. That's all this is. We haven't even got to the meat yet. This is, ah, we got tater tots. Delicious. all this is. We haven't even got to the meat yet. Nope. We got tater tots. Delicious. Yeah, exactly. A little salad maybe. That's what this is. 12.1 million average viewers, let alone everything that happened digitally on all the social media platforms. All the calls that took place from the draft teams from like Jim Ursa, or I'm sorry Chris Ballard calling somebody and going this is a prank call to Xavier Leggett introduction for the Carolina Panthers with his accent that is phenomenal and we need to keep around it's a key on Coleman up there in Buffalo talking about his Macy's jacket it's just like everything that encompassed the NFL draft took over and we're in the middle of two other leagues biggest time AJ the NFL is up and to the right forever, pal. It is. So if you were, let's say you're the commissioner of the NBA or the NHL or Major League Baseball, you've got to see all the success that football has and all the ratings they get and say, how do we get something? How do we grow the game like they continue to grow their viewership? What can they possibly do? I thought you were going to say, we need to look at the first round of the draft and we need to take the night off. That would be smart. I think so. You know you can't compete with football, but how do we find what is football doing so that they just continue to attract more and more viewers? So like Christmas Day for the NBA, all the stars played. That's how it always was. All the stars played. Le took it. That's how it always was. All the stars played. Whoever was named. LeBron's played on Christmas for however many years straight, no matter what team he's on. This is a spectacle launching the NBA season pretty much with all of our stars. I would assume the NBA is not going to put their heavy hitters on Christmas anymore. They shouldn't. No way. There's no reason to stack this card. Why? Because they took it. Yes, they did. They still got to. Kind of have to. I don't know. It's kind of a waste. It's almost like we got to figure this out. Go to Christmas Eve. It'll be Winby. It'll be Steph still. Yeah, they should take over Christmas Eve. Just go back a day. Go to Christmas Eve because Christmas Eve is just the same thing. You can still watch all those games. Or create a day, AC, after Christmas. The 26th. That'd be awesome. Our new day is AC. December 26th. They have to create it, and then if that AC gets too big, if after Christmas becomes a real thing, guess who's coming in? All of a sudden, we got a two-day NFL spectacle on December 25th and December 26th. You're right, though, AJ. If you're Adam Silver or Gary Bettman or... Piece of metal, Manfred. Yeah, Bobby Manfred. There it is. Rob Manfred. He's not watching. No, I don't even know if he's watching his own product. Is it just our sport is so good? We actually have a nice piece of content between roger goodell and bill belichick we're gonna run in about 22 minutes i don't know if anybody else would be able to catch up because of how great the sport is and how much like ingrained in americana football is and i know it's not every single state there's certainly some states where it's not this way but you go to most places that are blue-collar places who are probably going to be your most loyal fans normally. Those are the people that, like, they work to spend money on what? My family and things I like. The things that they like are normally sports. So, like, those are the – football is in every step of life, you know. It's like this is what up that way. You're brought up. Hey, you know, Pittsburgh, you're brought up. There's no question. You're a Steelers fan. That's just how it goes. I played soccer. I ended up being a punter. Okay. In the NFL. But I've been a football fan my whole life. Like absolutely my entire life. It's just the way it is. Like the city, Detroit feels like the same Yeah, exactly. 775,000 people came through there, AJ. It felt like it on the way out of there on Friday, that all of them were in that one lane that we had to go to. But it was great vibes up there. I was watching Saturday. I'm watching Saturday, and I couldn't believe the amount of people that were out there still. That place looked like it was still jammed. Vast. I mean, the wide shot was fisheye. At some point, you've got to edit in and kind of zoom in so you don't see the tarped off areas, if you will, in arenas. The NFL was wide body on that thing for a long, long time. And it's like these second, third rounders, no offense. Second, third round, Darius second round. I'm seventh round, so this is no offense. But how many of these guys are actually going to be nfl guys yeah the people that are staying out in the parking lot in detroit don't care we're just yeah right what do you i've never heard of never heard of this guy is he gonna be good like this guy it's just like uh it was a beautiful thing this week everything i feel like with football just it just matters more. Even the draft. You never know. It could be a fifth-round pick. It could be a seventh. Julian Edelman, one of the best playoff performers in Patriots history. Hall of Famer, I think. Obviously, the picks matter. And then our games. It's only 17 of them now. So it's not like the NBA or baseball or hockey where it's just so more. The combine. Everybody's tuning in with the combine. The only thing the football fans don't care about is the Pro Bowl because it just doesn't matter. The numbers get better, but it's just not. Every game, your team starts off four weeks in a row and they suck. You're thinking about the draft already. It's just crazy. The Pro Bowl has almost become the hate watch thing for football people. Still going to watch it, but we are going to bury this thing the entire time. We almost need that. Yeah, it's a nice little angle. Just one weekend where you hate football. Sure. It's almost nice. Need it right before Super Bowl. Yeah, exactly. Let's get all this out. Let's do the Super Bowl. Go into a high into the offseason. And then guess what's right around the corner? Combine's in like two weeks. Two weeks. Isn't it crazy how close? We took our vacation. I had no idea. I had no idea the combine was that close. Well, the stupid NBA All-Star game ruined that. That was a good time. That was a good time. A lot of people hate that more than they hate the NFL Pro Bowl. Oh, yeah. Well, it's because it stinks. Well, it was good people down there. It was really good people. Celebrity Game was fire, actually. It was a great time. I thought you said it was the worst event you've ever been to. The Celebrity Game with Puka, brother, is unbelievable. Celebrity Game was great. Everything else, definitely more so a watch-at-home event, I would say. I believe your words were the worst event I've ever been to. That was Saturday night. Slam Dunk Contest Yeah, slam dunk contest and three-point contest by far. If you're thinking about spending your money, just fucking. That used to be the best part of it, though. The dunk contest and three-point used to be the best. He's saying the celebrity game Friday night is where you need to go. And if you're going to go on Saturday, just light that money on fire. That's what I was going to say. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man we watch all weekend. He does a phenomenal job every single year. We're lucky to call him a friend. Move the sticks, ladies and gentlemen, Daniel Jeremiah. DJ, sorry. I meant to bring you in earlier, but we went off on a tangent about how we missed the combine because we were on vacation after the Super Bowl and it's in our city. That's 100% on us. We got to see you, though, which is awesome. Looking back at the draft, did it fare how you projected? Obviously, the Pennix pick is rattling the entire football world, except for, I guess, Terry Fontenot's office down there with Raheem Morris. What are your thoughts on the draft as a whole, looking back now at a day removed from it? Well, I thought it was interesting, Pat. I mean, at the very end, it just felt like teams weren't going to move as much at the top. So when it got to the point where the top three teams weren't going to move, I know there was a lot of discussion with New England, and they had kind of put it out there. Well, we haven't got an offer that would tempt us. And then when we came down the home stretch, from what I was hearing, the offers were there, and they were strong, strong offers. They weren't moving. Like they were sticking and picking. And once they were sticking and picking, you know, we were all kind of keeping our eyes on Minnesota. And I just felt like if they were willing to move assets and go all in to go get Drake May, but if they couldn't get him, they were going to kind of hold their water and see what happened with the Giants. And I thought we would have kind of a staticky, you know, top part of the draft. And that's kind of the way it ended up shaking out. Shefty thought the Giants were very interesting. And Joe Alt, that is who they were potentially going to move for because they wanted to protect Daniel Jones' blind side. We don't know what's real and what isn't at this point. That's Shefty's sources. And he said this is not confirmed. I do not know. This is just kind of what he was leading and feeling. Let Falcons pick, though, before we move on. Yeah. Did that rattle you on NFL Network? We didn't get to see your immediate reaction as it was happening, but what is your thought about it then and now? Yeah, I'm surprised probably both. I mean, I've heard there's a lot of different theories of people thinking about, okay, this is why they didn't explain it. They came out and used the Green Bay model as their explanation. I just felt like then, and i kind of feel like now the same way which is that's apples and oranges man like there's there's two components of this i don't think it discussed enough one is just the relational you know locker room chemistry portion of it where it look brett farvin won a super bowl and had the decade plus of equity built up in green bay so that that's different. You look at Aaron, when Aaron's there and Jordan Love comes in, same thing. Won a Super Bowl, been there a decade plus. Kirk Cousins hasn't played a game there. He has no equity with his teammates. He has no equity with the organization, no equity with the city. The first bad game that Kirk Cousins has, everybody's like, they have no, they haven't done anything for them yet. Now you're creating this whole dynamic of, okay, where's the next year? We've got a number eight pick here waiting to come in. So that dynamics is interesting to me. And I don't know, that could be combustible more so than what was happening there with Green Bay. And then I looked at it with Pennix, as I answered the question, well, Pennix is my 34th player. Why were you lobbying for the Raiders to take him at 13? And I said, well, because he's better than any of the quarterbacks the Raiders have on their roster. I mean, Kirk Cousins, if Kirk Cousins stays healthy last year, Kevin O'Connell fully believes he would have been the MVP of the league. Like he was putting up monster numbers and was on his way to a huge year. So I don't feel like Penix is an upgrade in talent over where Kirk Cousins is right now. And then there's the financial component. Pat, when you've paid the quarterback the massive amount of money, and they've done it now with Kirk, you have to be able to maximize the rest of your dollars, the rest of your resources. It's why if you take a defensive end there, not only are you saving money, you're getting a good player, but now instead of having to pay a defensive end top of the market, $25 million in free agency, I've just got a huge surplus value there. I can use that money to divvy up around the rest of my roster. So those were some of the issues I had with the pick. Full dissection there. Let's look at every angle here. From the teammate chemistry-wise and fan base liking, stupid. Let's go to fiscal, stupid. Strategy, stupid. Yeah, so I feel the same way now that I felt then. I'm excited to see how it works out. A lot of backup quarterbacks played last year. I guess that is kind of what I've wrapped my head around. Like, we could have a moment in Week 10. We hope it's not the case. Obviously, Kirk Cousins, friend of the program and everything like that. This sucks for Pennix, though, too. Like, this is just like 100 just like what we said about jordan love like this sucks for jordan love uh whenever he got drafted there the pick that everything's surrounding it like not jordan love's fault just like this is not pennix's fault but there's a chance we're staring down week 10 pennix is in because kirk gets hurt but what if he does well you got 100 and some yeah i mean there's a full there's a whole nother dynamic of like if this works out what happens well well one of the arguments is hey you know we we don't you know we don't want to have that down here so we're gonna you know we want to have that smooth transition so uh we don't we're our team's so good we're never going to be picking up here again um so we have to take the quarterback and my whole thing well then well what doesn't make any sense because if you take kirk cousins and then kirk cousins eventually his play dips and falls off you will be picking up there again to have that opportunity at that point in time to get your next quarterback so those two things don't agree with one another well it don't make sense yeah come on go ahead AJ yeah DJ do you think this could be a trend moving forward in future drafts we know how the Jordan Love Aaron Rodgers situation worked out I think it's not exactly apples to apples when you look at Kirk and Pennix. But, yeah, I like how you used that one. I've heard guys like you use that before, DJ, so I'm trying to sound fair there. I know, it's good journalism. Is this going to happen where teams will be drafting first-round quarterbacks, you think, even though they have a solidified guy already in place? Yeah, I think it's different, though. You I think it's different, though. To me, that's the big difference. When a guy has been there, you can go to your established starter who's already got the locker room in his corner, who's already got the pelts on the wall. He can be a little bit more secure and comfortable in that situation. I think that that's a fair conversation to have. If you've got a quarterback who's in his mid-30s, hey, first of all, you've got to give him a heads up. That's not when you're on the clock you know hey we just turned in the card for a quarterback so that creates a whole nother uh uh problem there but i think when you've had your guy and he's established and he starts getting into those that portion yeah i think look he's gonna be probably pissed about it but you have that adult conversation with him like hey we got to look after the long term uh and we you know if if the right guy is there we could consider doing something like that. I think that's a totally different situation. They just scratched the check to this guy. I don't know if Kirk Cousins has the address to the facility yet, and then he's already got to deal with all this. He's super excited. Exact quote. Super excited to work with Michael Penix. It's like Kirk Cousins will handle this as great as possible. He'll be first class, but I promise on that quarterback show he's pretty oh yeah you know on like game days and stuff he's pretty uh remember him and koc we didn't know after a couple of scenes yeah on quarterback and they liked each other you remember that like hey do these two like each other yeah he's fiery so you're gonna back a quarterback a rookie top 10 pick yep kirk cousins is like he makes a mistake you knowick says, I think you should do this. Shut up! You know, like, what if there's a chance of that? And then if those bicker, just one piece of content of that happening, now you've got a whole other nuke taking place in the PR department. It's wild just the decision that was made. That's what he said, like, right after he signed, he was like, hey, the reason I went with Atlanta was because their unwavering commitment to me, you know, where, like, no one else had given me any inkling of that. And then, yeah, immediately it just, well, sorry, we're going to draft anyway. But, DJ, just curious, I know when we talked to you last week, you basically just said how, hey, not a lot of people have first-round grades on defensive guys in this draft, but I still think we thought guys like Dallas Turner. I mean, I threw a bit of a temper tantrum when the Packers didn't take Cooper to Gene. I saw that. Why do you think those guys dropped so much? Was there a massive delineation between what the media thought of these defensive guys and what actual personnel and execs thought? Because I know we weren't looking at a bunch of guys, but I think it was still pretty shocking that some of those guys who we thought were for sure bona fide first-round picks slipped quite a bit. Yeah, I think there was a couple guys there. I just think it was a lopsided draft. Yeah, I mean, I think there was a couple guys there. I just think it was a lopsided draft. And, you know, we did a thing on our podcast with Bucky where we did an offensive-only mock draft, and we went through, like, 32 picks of just offensive players. I'm like, okay, these are, like, still justifiable names here. Like, these guys are legitimate contenders as first-round picks. We did the defensive one. We're, like, at pick 10 or 11 and i'm like oh my gosh like this thing is just it falls off a cliff so it was the most lopsided draft in history um and that that bore out in the way that it broke down why is that why is that you think let's go let's go a little deeper let's say you know let's go a little deep what do you think happened in five years ago that made you change all these great athletes and great players to be on the offensive side and not the defensive side do you have any theory on that one yet dj well i mean i think there's a couple different things number one is just chance like last year we had the best tight end class in history this year there was it there the tight end class took a big dip there's also i think the nil component of this too like the you know there's the receiver ohio state would have been in the mix he goes back to school um there's some of those guys that elected to go back so there's there's that's part of it but I think more than anything else is just every draft has its own its own strength and this year it was just we just had quarterbacks we had we had tackles and we had wide outs by far the three deepest positions but we could go into next year we'll have receivers every year. That's not changing. I would imagine that we won't see a tackle group like this in terms of the sheer volume in a while. We've never, ever seen six quarterbacks like this before. Six and 12. Quick. It all happened very fast. Remember, Penix, a week and a half before the draft, was minus 130 to go in the first round. Not in top 130 to go in the first round yeah not not in like top 10 to go in the whole entire first round he goes real early it's dude i was getting peppered for having him going to the raiders because i've had him going at 13 for for quite some time and people told me i was off my rocker who not people that watched him play right that is an actual no yeah no at underscore three four five uh you know oh boner garage yeah we know we know who you're talking about all right let's talk a little bit about the draft from a 30,000 foot view go ahead d budge yeah dj i know you're pretty dialed in as far as the round beyond the first round like most people are so like uh i know right now it's early we actually got to see these guys playing the grown men's league but who do you think right now had the best overall draft in all three days? Yeah, what's cool, man, is that because of what they can do now, we've got some smart people in research. So I used to, you know, people do like grades and all that stuff. I think that's kind of silly when you can actually put numbers to it. So, like, I just take my top 150 and then they end up extrapolating. Like the number one player would be worth 150 points. The 150 player would be worth one point. So they can go through and pull up who I thought had the most value just based off how I looked at the players. It was the Cardinals, the Commanders, the Steelers, the Bills, the Eagles. So based off of the grades that I gave the players and how I stacked them, those would be the teams that I thought ended up with the most value. What's the score on the Colts, DJ? You prick. I don't even talk to them. Hold on. Hold on. Let me go over here. They gave me the top 12 here, Pat. Top 12? DJ, you're losing all credibility. Is that skewed, though? Because the Cardinals had like six picks. Yeah, more picks, more points. That's just easy. 17. 17 for the Colts. Below New England. Oh, shut up. What do you know, DJ? I don't. That's a fair question. That's a fair question. I'm just here presenting the numbers, Pat. That's it. How That's a fair question. That's a fair question. I'm just here presenting the numbers, Pat. That's it. How many did the Bears get for drafting Torrey Taylor, huh? That should be a big point. That's not a great point. Oh, yeah. No. Bring him up there. Yeah. I like the, who took the safety from Air Force? That was the Raiders. Of course, yeah. Troy Taylor. That's what I I'm not saying that. Big guy. This entire time. Tone's got a question for you. DJ, speak about winning the draft. Yeah, DJ, there's a lot of people that are, according to you as well, that the Steelers had a really, really great draft. And I was happy with it because it felt like they went in with a clear vision, like, hey, we are going to get football guys, three offensive linemen, two starters. But McCormick could – I mean, McCormick will run through this wall and not even feel this wall. And then Peyton Wilson's the next Luke Keekly. I mean, what are we talking about here? Yeah, I said it on the draft. He was by far my highest-rated player that was still sitting out there. And I knew because of the injuries and not having an ACL that teams were going to ding him on that. And I'm like, well, he's played lights out in college. Literally, he's the best linebacker in the country. He would have been the best linebacker in the draft. So at one point in time when he hadn't picked up, I was like, guys, what are we doing? I would rather have, if you tell me this is a one-contract player, even if you told me you were going to get three years out of him before he years of the guys that are on the board at this point in time. At some point in time, it's ridiculous. But I love what the Steelers did. Look at the last two years. Isaac Samalo in free agency. Broderick Jones in the first round last year. Then you come back and get Fah Tanu, who's super explosive. I think it's going to be an excellent left tackle for them. You get two more linemen you you mentioned mccormick frazier who's uh we all love as a center is he's a total stud like it's got two backs they've got two two enormous tight ends uh i mean they're gonna beat people up this year man i'm excited to see the steelers people around west virginia love zach frazier yeah they they talk about him as if he's you know he had broken leg walked off the field that's the way that clip That clip is insane. That is what they're talking about. They're like, that's not just like one game. This guy every day is who you, this is what you want to build around. It's like Pittsburgh people pumped about offensive line, offensive line, offensive line. If you could give us another big guy, maybe a fullback. If a fullback got drafted in there, Pittsburgh would have won bananas. Now let's talk about new england thinking that they're all the way back go ahead connor yeah i definitely think new england's all the way back dj obviously for the first time possibly in my life they just decided hey we need these spots and we're only going to take those spots whether they're the right guys or not what did you think about the decision to take jaylen polk a little higher than most people would have assumed with a couple of the other guys on there, especially after trading back when they could have taken Ladd-McConkie. And then Javon Baker, obviously later in the draft, making people stand up that have been in wheelchairs their entire life. How do we feel about those guys? No offense. No offense. Yeah. By the way, always better to under-promise and over-deliver. That's Baker's going to learn on that one. No, all your promos he what is icbfw yep and then uh his i can't be with okay that's what he has his goal is to always kill the guy on the other side of the team whatever the hell and they say he makes plays that make people wheelchair stand up i mean cut all the promos yeah bar is his twitter can you do me a huge favor? Can you call Reese Davis and give him those initials and see how he interprets it? Amen. What a moment. I met Terryon Arnold. Yeah. Oh, he's a stud. Jalen Milrow. Latham. I met those. And they all talked about the length situation. Their length situation was awesome. And hilarious. I'm like, I was so nervous. I was watching Reese jump off a cliff career-wise right next to me. At the Rose Bowl, this guy's dead. That was an amazing piece of television. And by the way, when the Cooper Dijon got passed up, I got both my sons, independently of one another, sent me that clip as soon as you guys posted that one. Yeah, it was pretty hot. Pretty funny. Jalen Polk's going to be a guy, though, huh? Yeah, he's good. First of all, I love Drake May. I told you guys that before. I know, and I saw, again, I don't get to see your guys' stuff because I'm on the draft, but it all gets sent to me. So, obviously, you guys know you do a great job. But the fact that friends, family, and people in the league always are sending me clips of what you guys are doing, man. Shout out to Daniel Jeremiah's friends, family, and people around the league. Shout out. I choose not to take it personally, but hat tip to you guys. We're on the phone. You're on TV. We're on the phone. You're on TV. Yeah. We're on the phone. There you go. There you go. Yeah, yeah. But Belichick, you know, look, there's valid points, and there's areas that Drake Mays has got to improve on. I just think when you look at him with the size, the physicality, the arm strength, the athleticism, the competitiveness, the intelligence, work ethic, like all that stuff's off It's like he's easy for me to bet on. There's still pieces they need there. I like those two receivers, though. Baker plays much faster than his time and can get on top. And then Polk is going to give me some easy completions and run after catch. And he's really, really tough and smart. So I think they got some good core pieces there. We had Mayo on with us, and I asked him, like, was the plan going in, just offense, offense, offense? And then he kind of hemmed and hawed and basically said, yeah, I mean, our defense is pretty good. Like, we had to take all of our resources and dump them on that side of the ball. Yeah, but Terry Fontenot says, you know, that doesn't matter. No, not at all. There's been other people. A couple of the teams that you mentioned earlier, Cardinals having a good draft. I got a chance to meet Darius Robinson in the lobby after the first round. We had quite a time in the lobby after the first round. Quite a night. Quite a night in there. Did you see his jacket, by the way? I thought he had the coolest jacket. Darius Robinson? Did you see his glasses? Yeah. His glasses had diamonds in them. I literally walked up. Him and his, I think, friend and family. I don't know who it all was, but they were sitting on the couch. As I was going to the elevator, they called me over. I go over, dab him up. I have no idea who it is, but he looked cool. He looked sweet. Complimented his glasses. And I said, where do we go? Who? And introed. And he was awesome. Like, so cool. Out of Missouri, too. coming out. This guy's a weapon. The jacket looked like the upholstery on a party bus. It was a unique look. Love that. The whole crew he was with were good people though. It felt like everybody we met had good people. It was awesome, man. It was an honor and thank you for another year of great draft coverage from the combine all the way through. Hell yeah, DJ. Ladies and gentlemen, take a nap. Ladies and gentlemen, Daniel Jeremiah. Thank you. All right, at the draft, two legends caught up with each other to chit-chat. Both Roger Goodell and Bill Belichick were there. They figured, why not talk to each other? Now, with that being said, whenever the opportunity was pitched and presented by Bill to go talk to Rog, baby, I said, I thought you two hated each other. They do not. They get along very well, and they sat down to answer five questions that were on index cards moments before the draft started on Thursday night, and here it is. Ready? Okay, great. All right. I'm Bill Belichick. Commissioner Goodell. It's a pleasure to be here with you on draft day and my first media interview. On this side. Yeah. It's an honor to interview you, Commissioner. first media interview. On this side? Yeah. It's an honor to interview you, Commissioner. Thank you, Coach. It's an honor to be with you, as always. Thank you. I hear Pat drew up some fan questions and a little bit of Pat questions for us. Let's see what Pat's got up his sleeve. Let's see what we got. We'll go one at a time and pop it off. What are your thoughts on the growth of the NFL draft? So I guess I'm supposed to go first. I'll tell you, I'm amazed at the interest in our game, and I think the draft is a great example of that. As you know, we made changes, shortened rounds. We took it in prime time. We did some things to make it from our friend family. But the way the fans wrap their arms around us, and it's that day of hope where everybody sort of renews their hope, the fans, the teams, and we start over. It's really officially the start of a new season for us. It really does kick the season off. It's going to be fun for me. You know, I've been in those rooms for many, many years worrying about the picks and what's going to happen in trades and all that. I'm just going to sit back and have some fun up here today. It's really, it's an amazing event. No one can second guess what you're doing today, huh? All right, that's that one. You do that one. Thoughts on the hip drop tackle being banned, keeping football football. Yeah, I think over the years the NFL has done a great job of making the game safer for players. The targeting, the horse collar tackle, the hip drop, there really aren't very many of them. I think there was maybe only a dozen or so last year, but it's a good thing to get rid of. It's just, you know, there's really no place for it and it's just good to continue to keep the game safe for the players. Yeah, I agree with you, Coach. You know, when you see a play, as you know, we use data a lot to try to identify the rules that we want to change and whether what we do is effective. When you see a play that is greater than 20 times the injury rate, as you know, most of those injuries are pretty severe. They are. You know, career ending or season ending, you've got to make a change. And as you know, coaches, players adjust. And I think we've been able to make our game safer and more exciting at the same time. It's definitely helped the game be safer. Yeah. All right. How do you predict the new kickoff rules will work out? The one thing I'll predict is that we'll bring the kickoff back into the game. That's a good thing. I think that's a good thing. I think it's an exciting play. We are confident that we can reduce the injury rate with the new format because we will have less speed and force. The players will all be 10 yards apart in the beginning, and I think that's going to make a big difference and I hope make an exciting play. But as you know, we may need to tinker with it over the next couple years. Yeah, well, it's just a little bit different because there's no lead-in period. It's just jumping right in and start playing. But I think this is an offensive role. As a defensive coach, I don't think the defense coaches are going to like this role. It's going to create good field position. I think it's going to bring much more value into the returners, those extra 1,500 plays. And you better have two good returners because if you only have one, they're kicking the other side. So you better be able to handle the ball with both guys, and I think there's going to be some explosive plays. In the past, you were able to overlap your coverage with a second layer. Well, now those guys are spread across the field, so if the returner, you know, he gets a little seam, it could be all over. I think we're going to see a lot more long returns on kickoffs than we've seen in the past. Which should be great for the fans. Love it. As you say, it may not be so great for the defense. Okay. Those teams will get their shot on offense too. All right, Pat, thoughts on the current state of NFL officiating? Thank you, Pat. Well, I'll say this. The speed and athleticism and how great these athletes are on sideline catches and reaching out the ball on the goal line and all those things, it's tough. I give those guys a lot of credit. They're right more than they're wrong, and I've been one to argue with them on the sidelines when I go back and look at it. We've seen that a few times, Kirk. Me? But most of the time, they get it right and they do a good job. I think that the replay assist sped up the game last year. I thought that was good. It really corrected some things that turned out to be obvious, and that was a good addition. I guess one thing that's always a question about is making officials full-time, maybe at least the referees where you know they have that constant you know talking about situations and I think that's the biggest thing in the league is as a coach is you just want consistency and you know sometimes you you have games that are called tightly and then the next week you feel like you're playing the same way and and it's not called tightly and so maybe thoughts on that. No you're right on the consistency we all use that as our barometer and I think it's the It's not called tight lay-in, so I don't know. Maybe your thoughts on that. No, you're right on the consistency. We all use that as our barometer, and I think it's the consistency in the calls on the field and consistency from crew to crew, which, as you know, has varied, and we've tightened that a little bit in the past year. But, you know, I do think officials do an amazing job, but it is a fast game, and it's imperfect. I'm watching playoffs in other sports, and those guys are full-time, and I'm seeing the same kind of controversy. So I think it's part of officiating. I think it's part of the position they're in, a difficult job. And we saw that a little bit this year. The Kansas City play with Buffalo, that was an obvious offside. The officials have to call that, no matter the moment. That's not fair to the other team. Buffalo would have had a legitimate right if that play had gone forward without a flag. So we know they're in a tough spot and I don't think they get enough credit for it, but we're always gonna go for that perfection and when we can use technology, replay is really the thing that we think we can use more of. And I think every year you've seen us, and you know this because you've been a big performer in the past, is let's use more of them. Commissioner, I'm going to put in my pitch, my annual pitch. Camera's on the goal line. Camera's on the sideline. Camera's on the end line. That is the annual pitch. All right, last card. The NFL is the greatest league on earth. Why do you think that's the case? I think it always starts with the game. There's so many aspects to the game that I think are appealing. The strategy, the contact, the incredible athleticism, the fact that you have to play as a team and how people come together, the fact that you have games that go from a team way behind and a team comes back. I just think it's that kind of a game that people love to root for. And it's an event. I think the fact that every week you get the post-game criticism and the evaluations and try to break it down, and then you start looking to the next week and the excitement builds I think that event is a big part of it. And you know on the visiting side when we go to the away stadiums there's a lot of people in the parking lot there's a lot of tailgating it's not just the game they get there and make it a an event but it's it's so competitive the thing I love about the NFL is every week anybody can beat anybody, and anybody can lose to anybody. If you're not on your best, then you're probably not going to do well. The way it's structured, both from acquiring players and salary cap and competitively, it really evens out, and I love the competition of it. We make it hard for you when you win. We've had a team go from last to first, I think, 19 on the last 20 seasons. And to your point, that competitiveness, we've had 70% of our games with one score in the fourth quarter. That's great football, great entertainment. It really is. Well, thank you. Appreciate it, Commissioner. Appreciate it. Thanks, Pat. Appreciate it, Pat. Just two guys doshing it up out there in the green room, chit-chatting about all the hot topics. Gave a couple fluff questions in the cards, you know, but had to get some actual conversation going there. Shout out to Connor, Tone, and Evan Fox getting that thing done. You know, they were tailing Bill Belichick over to the stage alongside McCarthy and a couple security guards watching Bill Belichick experience it all for the first time. We got a bunch of behind-the-scenes footage, too, that we're sending to him for him to enjoy. And maybe if he okays it, some stuff to put out. What a moment there with them just bullshitting over some cards. Yeah, when we walked up onto the stage for the first time and he looked out over over the crowd he and he liked had this like big smile over his face i couldn't even imagine what was going through his his mind but it was like one of the cooler things that i've probably ever seen as far as football is concerned and watching those two you know the respect they have for roger goodell knows that bill's a massive piece of football growing to where it is aj you know he knows that there's huge mutual respect you can feel between those guys and i like Raj saying he's amazed at the interest that the game has. That's one of the first things he said. It probably does kind of amaze him. It seems like whatever they try works out, doesn't it? 70% of games are one-score games. That's a lot. That is the part that Bill started talking about with the salary cap and how they create parity and kind of force you into it. 19 out of the last 20 years, the team has gone from last to first in their division. That's crazy to hear. I had no idea. So the fan base is at least staying. Oh, yeah. You know, you've still got hope because all anybody's looking for is hope. And if you've seen other teams do it, it's like, that's great. Yeah, the growth of the draft, though, is stupid. Yeah. The length of the draft, though, is stupid. We asked him about it on Friday as well. It's like 775,000 people, dude. Hip drop tackle. Didn't expect Bill Belichick to do that answer. But he's like, yeah, all right, teach him better. That's basically what he's saying. If we want this out, we've got to coach it out. That's how we move on. And he knows big player injuries, big market name injuries, not good for the league, not good for football, you know? Yeah, I like that he talks about the kickoff rule. Now, I feel like this is more of an offensive rule because defensive coaches are not going to love this. And Raj knows that. Bill knows that. They know how it works. But, yeah, an extra 1,500 plays is good for everybody, I think. Absolutely. And then they didn't really talk about keeping football football, And then they didn't really talk about keeping football football, but I did hear Rodgers say the coaches and players always figure it out. Yep. They always figure it out, which I appreciate because that's how Rodgers feels probably. Yeah. Hey, listen, we got talented enough coaches, talented enough players. They'll figure it out. But we can't be saying that about anything. We can't just be willy-nilly tossing anything in there because the pros are going to figure it out, Conman out conman no like bill saying that it does make me feel as though a lot of the coaches like you're saying are probably feeling the same way like yes it sucks but we can probably get this out of the way it was cool just watching them to like interact off screen too like they're just a couple football guys at the end of the day obviously one of them's commissioner of the nfl the other is the greatest coach and gm of all time but like them just conversing and like we didn't you said thanks to us we didn't do shit we basically were just like hey that's where you're sitting do you want do you want to sit anywhere else is that okay they're like yeah we do not care like we're here to talk football and that's it it was incredible the witness it was all the interesting thing from my perspective right so bill offers this up he goes you know me and roger gonna be the same place i could talk to him if you'd want me to talk to him. I'm like, yeah, yeah, definitely would like that to happen. I said, I thought you two hated each other. I said, anyways, I thought you two hated each other because, you know, the flake case, spike, everything, that kind of happened. He goes, no, no, I have great respect for Roger or whatever. So I'm like, okay, who's interviewing who then? I start thinking in my head. I'm like, Rods doesn't want to interview anybody. Commissioner can't be interviewing people because then it looks like. Yeah, right. But then for Bill Belichick, is Bill Belichick interviewing anybody about any football-related ever? So it was like the card thing was cool play. And as soon as I laid it out to Bill, Bill said, oh, I've seen this on the internet before. All right. We are off and running. And they kept that thing good. I think it was nice and tight. They were both natural, too, asking each other questions. Then once they're done with it, Raj threw it over. Bill just ripped it up. Yeah, those aren't TV hosts right there. You know, one of them has an Emmy. True. You know, because the top 100. Bill said it's his first interview. Bill said it is really my first interview ever, and he's talking to the commissioner in a very, like, unique, could be awkward situation for him not being actually in the war room for the first time in a long time. And how, 48 years, how about him saying, it's an honor to talk to you, Mr. Commissioner. It's like, does he call him commissioner every time? Good question. You know, he grew up in the Navy. He respects the title. And you call everybody by their title. That would be hilarious if that's how Bill has spoken to Roger this entire time. Oh, commissioner, that's bullshit. Come on. He respects ranking. You can tell Bill, with everybody we saw him kind of interact with, especially like obviously with a rod with with barry like you can just tell the type of respect that he has for like other you know greats oh yeah yeah you're talking about different level oh yeah yeah yeah like the and it doesn't matter it can be a player um someone who's covered the game uh just anyone if he has that respect for you the work you put in the title you've earned like he's going to respect you with it i like i like to that. A lot of people talking about his personality, you know. That was the big – I didn't really get a chance to see a lot of the social stuff because literally from Thursday night all the way through the big dub in the spring game on Saturday. Hey, way to go, gold team. Congrats. Everybody knew what was happening in the first half of that game with those refs and Pat White who built the place and everything that was taking place. I think it was like six to maybe 14 calls against my team, zero calls for my team in the first half. How the hell does that happen? And I don't know the plays or most of the kids' names, and I was only there for about an hour before the whole thing started. So all I can really do as a coach for my team is bitch at these refs. And I certainly did from literally play one all the way through that entire thing. I always let them have it. A couple of American conference refs. One Big 12 official was the white cap. Hey, they called a good game. They called a good game. Good work, Alvarez. In the second half they did? Well, yeah, certainly. Second half was a lot better than the first half. We got a couple calls in the second half. Needed them. But I learned about a couple of the dudes, you know, a little bit more in depth. It was great to learn about them, their story. Yeah, these dudes were awesome. They got you good. Actually celebrated me very clean, and I needed that. I needed that. With how hungover I was? Totally, yeah. I needed that. Cold tub. As the head coach, exactly. As the head coach of the gold team, I wanted to make sure that when students came to, I think there was over 10,000 people there or something like that. I think it's been had in a while. I wanted to make sure that students that came to the game were fans of our team. So I was out politicking the night before. I was out politicking the night before. I went to Bartini. Well, actually, I had dinner at the waterfront with these two legends. Defensive MVP in the Fiesta Bowl, Reed Williams there on the left. He had just finished maybe one full bottle of bourbon right before this photo was taken. In the middle there is one of the most electrifying football players to ever play football, Pat White. It was great to have the whole crew. Reed was my roommate. Pat White was a year older than me, but he redshirted, so we all finished kind of the same year. It was our first time back together in Morgantown ever. And it was my first time seeing guys like 17 years, 15 years. And we went to all of the bars that we used to go to, all of them, in one night. It was the perfect move. We were in there for like 10, 15 minutes at each place. So maybe word would spread where we were. Bang, we're already at the next one. Start at Bartini, go to cosmo head to kegler's then where oh motz has a new location gotta go check that out then we're going to joe malmus formerly lazy lizard then we're stopping over at gibby's still gibby's looks the same as gibby's serving the same drinks as gibby's from the same people that have been at gibby's then we head over to formerly chicken bones place called happies great place great time then we head right into Daddy's, which used to be called Envy or Elements, which was if I think like four of my teammates had rap concerts there. Awesome. It's like a venue that's up in like a hole up there. Great times through Fat Daddy's. Then we leave there and we say, you know what, maybe one more. So we go to Sheetz. Nice. And we get a big water. Good move. The gas station sheets? It was bumping. It's not. Stopped there a lot in college. It felt right to kind of do that. And we had maybe the greatest night I've ever had out and about. You know, out and about. And then the spring game happens. It was amazing. Shout out to West Virginia. Teams filled with dogs. I like the dudes. Bottom box. I like the cut of the jib. Quarterbacks hosting the camaraderie building cookout after spring football is over. That's huge. Always a huge bet. Yeah, that's awesome. Good for them, man. That's how it should be. Yeah, it's not normally the quarterback, though. You know, normally it's somebody from a different position that is hosting, you know, the gathering. The team chemistry building camaraderie cookout that's happening. It isn't a party. No. We're running shenanigans. He's just a camaraderie builder. It's like quarterbacks hosting that. That's a big deal to me. Well, Gigi's going to run wild, brother. Bang. That's all you need to remember. He was a dog, too. Absolutely. Anyways, away from that, let's talk about the NHL weekend. Because hockey is awesome, and We need to talk about it more. This man's been talking about it a lot. Every single show, he's been representing for the league. Ladies and gentlemen, front of the program, P.K. Subban. Yeah, P.K.! Wow. What's up, fellas? All right. Let's go. Hey, you look good, dude. What's going on, gang? You feel good about today's, huh? Yeah, good day to do ESPN bet before the point show tonight. So I got a bomb right in Bristol ready to go. You look fantastic. We appreciate the hustle that you've been putting in throughout all of the playoffs. I think I saw you on Party Interruption, First Take, Get Up, our show. You're pushing the hell out of the league, which is beautiful. Let's talk about the playoffs that are happening. Ratings higher than ever. Hell yeah. Are the Rangers that good? Or Are the Rangers that good, or do the Capitals maybe sit in a position where they weren't supposed to be in the playoffs anyways? It should have been the Pittsburgh Penguins. How do we feel about the only sweep that has taken place in the NHL playoffs thus far? Well, I'll go a step further and say not only did Pittsburgh deserve to be in the playoffs, but also the Detroit Red Wings deserve to be in the playoffs as well. But also, the Detroit Red Wings deserve to be in the playoffs as well. You know, I'd probably say this, that Detroit didn't because they lost those seven games down the stretch. But Washington had like a minus 47 goal differential or something outrageous. You know, with that, you probably shouldn't be in the playoffs. So it's a tune-up round for the New York Rangers. I had Rangers winning in six. I had to put some respect on Alex Ovechkin's name and give him a game or two. They didn't get that. And Alex Ovechkin didn't even record a point in that series. So for the Rangers, though, they know that it's only going to get tougher for them. I think that it's great for them to get their confidence up. Obviously, Panarin's playing his best hockey of his career from the regular season right into the playoffs. But this is where it happens. This is where it matters. The next round and the round after that, the Rangers have to show that they're for real. And it's only going to get difficult. They're going to see tougher teams. But I think that their team's going to be rested. They're going to have enough rest. There won't be any excuses there well rempy's gonna handle the physicality for him going forward oh you know they got the rempire state building who had more points than ovechkin so he's not just a big dumb dipshit fourth liner okay so that's a beautiful thing go ahead aj go ahead pk do you give the rangers a legit chance i know you're saying they gotta prove that they're for real but they're a great story for the nhl i feel like if the rangers are good it's great for the nh, especially with the characters they have in Rempe knocking everybody around. Everything they have going on there, do you truly give them a chance to win it all? Well, it is great for the league. Business-wise, I mean, there's no bigger market than New York, and it's Original 16. New York is a hockey town, so you can understand what this is going to do to the city if the Rangers do what I think they should do, and that is at least get to the stanley cup finals but make no doubt about it that the rangers are going to be challenged they're going to be challenged in every facet of it and i believe that they are the real deal listen to me this is a team that's come together they're well coached they're it's a balanced lineup i think that listen they gotta, they've got to stay healthy. They lose one of those top four defensemen, it gets a little bit, right? They lose one of their star players. Their depth is questionable. But I think that for them, this is a well-built roster. I thought what they did at the deadline was perfect. They didn't go out and bring in crazy amount of free agents and all that stuff. They trusted in the core group that's there and it's their time now it's time for Lafreniere it's time for Panarin it's time for Zbigniew Jadon Kreider it's your team now this is your best chance to do it and they have the goaltending so we see what goaltending looks like in the league right now you have Shusterkin, Bobrovsky, Vasilevsky one of those guys you've got to take advantage of that opportunity so I believe that this is their year to at least get to the finals and you never know what could happen when you get there hell yeah for the rangers and also hell yeah for your bias connor has a question for you pk you sack of garbage i mean the hottest goalie in the playoffs right now you can make the argument is jeremy swayman and now it feels as though yes hey guy yeah Yes. So he is the guy. I'm going to give him the flowers. Thank you. So hold on. Let me touch on that. So I was just in Toronto. I just got back yesterday. I actually bumped into JVR in the gym the night before he started tickling. I don't know. He might owe me dinner because I saw him in the gym at the Ritz residence in Toronto. And at the Ritz residence in Toronto. And the next night I see him scoring goals. So I don't know if I touched him. If God touched him on the shoulder there. But Swayman, yes, I have not given him enough credit as a goaltender. I wasn't sold on the tandem. I like the number one goaltender. I like the guy that rides. Listen, I played with Carey Price, Pecorine. I played with guys that own that net. So to see two goaltenders doing it back and forth, I didn't have confidence in it. Well, Boston's changed my mind. Swayman, Jim Montgomery, who I bumped into also at the Ritz in the lobby. I spoke to him. Listen to me. I was able to touch with him. Patrick Maroon, I bumped into a bunch of the Boston guys. But Swayman's playing out of his mind right now. If he continues to do that, the Boston Bruins, I mean, sky's the limit for that team because we know they can play defense. Their power play's clicking like crazy. They made Toronto's power play look like a Junior B power play this series so far. So Boston's got all the intentions, and they can get that consistent goal tending. And by the way, Swayman falters. It's all Mark going back in there. So Boston's looking great right now. Can't lie about that. They certainly are. They certainly are. As we wrap up our time on ESPN, as we continue on YouTube and ESPN Plus, we can't thank you all and TikTok Live still. Hey, I read it. I read it. I'm not looking to sell. Is that right? They're just going to say it's their decision. Are they saying bye-bye then? Yeah. I think that was the headline I read on the internet. Now, is that real? Who knows? Maybe that's just leverage in this entire thing. We need that to get figured out. Yeah. Hey, smart people, figure it out. Figure it out. Figure We need smart people to figure it out, PK. Go ahead, Ty. PK, if you're just a casual fan of the NHL right now and you don't have any skin in the game with any of these teams left, who would you suggest, like which series would you say, hey, this is the one you've got to lock in on for the rest of the first round here? You know, it'll be interesting to see what happens in that Colorado-W winnipeg series i just you know winnipeg has been great has been so good all year but man i mean i want to see if winnipeg's got any more fight left but colorado's just demoralized this team and by the way if we rewind and go back earlier this season i took a lot of heat when i said that the rangers might win the president's trophy but they're not the best team in the league and a lot of people wanted to hang me up by my ankles off that rampire state building in new york for saying that and look at the championship pedigree how it's shown kael mccarr is the best defenseman since bobbyr to play in the game the way he plays. Are you kidding me? Coast to coast in the playoffs? This guy's an absolute stud. Absolute stud. And it's showing. Nathan McKinnon, not just him, but the championship pedigree has risen to the forefront. And we can't forget that in hockey. It's so important. These are the intentions this is what makes playoff hockey playoff hockey so i would say the colorado uh winnipeg series to watch kale mccarr really elevate his game night in and night out and he does it all over the ice he doesn't get enough credit for how he plays defensively but my goodness uh offensively his skating ability uh his ability to see the ice and make his teammates better is second to no one right now, and he really deserves that type of credit. So that series, and to see how that Tampa, Florida series finishes off, I think there's still some hate there, and Stamkos and those guys ain't going to go lightly. Well, D-Bot's got a question for you. Yeah, I was going to ask you, did you think we were going to close it out? No, they fought and didn't want to get swept in their home barn, especially with Sergeyev coming back up 80 days after those compound fractures in his leg. You think this series extends down there to Florida hockey? Well, I mean, watching these two goaltenders, Vasilevsky and Sergei Brubovsky, go at it. Dogs. Every shift. Forget every period and every game. Every shift they're going at it because the Panthers are challenging Tampa's D. Tampa's got a high-octane power play and offense five-on-five. Both of these goalies are being challenged every shift. And it's just the quality of goaltending continues to go up and up and up. And once again, I mentioned it about Colorado. The championship pedigree, as the playoffs go on, it rises to the occasion. And I think that Vasilevsky still has got some hockey to play. Can he steal a game? He can steal this series. That's how good he is. Oh! Hey, hey! Hey, the Panthers are fraud. It's over. It's over. I still have the Panthers closing this thing out and putting this thing to bed. But it would not surprise me if Vasilevsky steals the game. But I think the Panthers are going to get it done. Okay. Well, I know that the Panthers. Well, you should be. Yeah. The Panthers have had a lot of hype going into every playoff. Mm-hmm. You know, once that – They're going to get it done. Yeah, but what happens if they're reminded of what happens every single playoff time? Sure. You let them sneak in there. Then what? All of a where the fungus took over everything? The last of us. The last of us. That's what's happening. You know what I mean? Somebody gets lashed, and then bang, bang, bang, we stink. We're batting the playoffs. We lose again, even though the Florida Panthers are supposed to be the team. Wow. We took their best shot. We took their best shot. And I respect it. Respectable opponent. They're coming. Yeah. Wow. Championship category you talk about. Don't sleep on the bolts, brothers. And they got the Hart Trophy. Go bolts. Go bolts. Go bolts. Bill Walker had a fucking bolt, sir. What was that about, Bill? Who? Who? Who? Bill McComas. Well, that's because we lived in Tampa for all that time. Yeah, go bolts. I think game a couple weeks ago. That's also his thing, D, about when he murders someone, he takes a piece of clothing from their house. I don't think that's true. Not smart. I don't think that's true. He's not doing that. Jeez Louise. You're talking about championship pedigree, though. Tampa. Absolutely. More than anyone, really. You know who else? He didn't bring him up. Patty Maroon. Did he win three straight cups? Oh, was he? Here we fucking go, boys. Here we go, boys. That was dope. He's got some hardware. He's got a lot of hardware. Oh, yeah. We're seeing it more often now than ever, I think, because the coverage is broadening and everything like that. But that skating defending your half of the ice in warm-ups, I mean, we saw a little Revo, and we saw Patty Maroon doing that last week, I think. It was getting hot in the oven as they were kind of going across there. Is that standard operating procedure here? Is that standard operating procedure? Is that SOAP, as we say in Canadian? Listen, in the playoffs, you don't ever give an inch. You don't give an inch in warm-up. You don't give an inch between periods. You don't give an inch in every shift. As far as I'm concerned, it's free ice. It's just who's entitled to it. You know what? These two guys, exactly. Well, that's what I mean. There's a lot of dog. It's the game within the game. It's all a mental game, but I'm going to tell you something right now. They can ride that red line all they want. The Leafs are in trouble. There's blood in the water, and those Bruins are hungry. You know what? I think the Leafs could be golfing pretty soon here. Oh, no. It could be a gentleman's sweet-sweet for the Leafs. I don't know. Oh, no. Oh It could be a gentleman's sweet, sweet for the Leafs. I don't know. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, Biz. So sorry, Biz. Sorry about it, Biz. Ten public push-ups. That's right. He was all in. It's different this year. Yeah. Bigger, stronger, faster. Leafs are in one. Leafs are in one. Yeah. Me and Gump are just laughing. about toronto maple leafs together it feels like you two would be electrifying together what did biz want us to ask him about again oh slew bass yeah oh is that what he is that what he called me i didn't hear that no he didn't say that he didn't say that he did not say that he said he heard that that was being said he did not say that he did not say that pete uh you know what what what name what name haven't i been called another name another, another dollar. It is what it is. You know what? But, hey, listen. You know what? If you want to organize a beer summit with me, Biz, and you guys, we can sit around and talk. Yes. Talk about East Coast Hockey Week stories. We can do that. I'd love to hear it all day. Okay. I actually had a little beer hangout on Friday night. I haven't had those in a long time. Beers still go down real smooth. Yes, they do. They still do. Beer summit. I love it. Okay, all right. We'll have a beer summer time. Set it up, Pat. I'm down. Okay, all right. Okay. Is this summer? This is a summer thing, I assume. Nice weather. Are It's hard to get in. No chance. Hey, hold on. Have you been to Montreal yet? Yes. Have you been to Montreal yet? Yeah. Were you just there recently? Are you running a bath? No, I'm not running a bath. No. And I can hear you, too. I can hear you loud and clear. Yeah, I can hear you loud and clear. Hey, listen. We got to get you down to Montreal for the Grand Prix. You want to talk about beer summits? You want to talk about beer summits? It'll get silly. We got to get down to F1 in Montreal for the Grand Prix. F1, no chance. That's what we got to do. I got to speak French, and it's F1. AJ, you know it won't be. Nightmare. You know it won't be. Who's going to win? I They're stopping. Yeah. It's a Miami's weekend. Hey, hey, you guys want to know something funny? I think I've made it to the race like once. I've been to F1 like 13 years. I've made it to the race once. A couple beer summits. Good. Like the Super Bowl. A couple beer summits. Oui, oui, oui, oui, oui. Yeah, a lot of that. I may have taken myself out of the game It's a long weekend. As the great coach Victor says, you either turn up or you transfer. Amen. You know, sometimes while turning up, you're going to have to transfer. You know, you can get out every once in a while. Tapping out is not a bad thing. The outside linebackers coach for West Virginia, he might be the next Belichick. Yeah. Okay. Uh-huh. He is my light in the dark. What happened? His name's victor and he can't spell victory without victor and i'm happy he is coaching at west virginia right he's found a home at west virginia this guy had a 35 minute performance in between us talking hanging doing might be my favorite guy on earth just hits grand slams that's all he does this dude pointed at a guy's head three feet away from us and said, if I have bourbon right now, I'll get my hair cut like that guy. Wait, this guy had a wig on, a bad wig. With his whole family. This guy was holding his family. Now, his family didn't hear it, but they certainly saw him point like this right here. That guy's a dog. We need him points like this right here that guy's a dog we need coach victor on every team that i'm rooting for forever now speaking teams we're rooting for tone digs has the last question about hockey here pk yeah pk we've talked a lot about a lot of teams that are kind of in it right now the the leafs are in it nashville winter peg maybe the stars tonight the the bolts there's a lot of i think there's six series where it's 3-1 potentially. Any of those teams with the one next to their name have a chance of coming back from being down 3-1? I think it's going to be really difficult. I think that the teams that are up in this series, and I go back to Colorado again because I didn't pick them to win that series, but I had this false hope for Winnipegg I felt that their team this was the year um obviously Winnipeg ended our hopes in Nashville a few years back when we won the president's trophy we played them in the second round they beat us in seven games and then fell short to Vegas who ended up losing to I think it was Washington in the final so I I thought with the way their team is built Tyler Toffoli um Velarde some of the guys that they've picked up, Nita Ryder, just to add depth, Monahan. I thought they added a lot of pieces, and they gelled well. I'm just surprised that they're in the situation that they're in. Their power play's gone cold. So, you know, that'll be interesting to see if a team like that can catch fire and pull back. But I think the other series, could it happen in the Florida series? Yes, but I don't think so. With the way Bobrovsky's playing, he's playing too well. Edmonton looks like they're going to put this thing to bed as well, as much as L.A.'s got a ton of fights. So I don't see any comebacks right now, but anything's possible. Anything's possible. Anything is possible. H Anything's possible. Anything's possible. Anything is possible. Hockey is awesome. Last question. Go ahead, AJ. PK, when it comes to goalies and how they play, like I know Bobrovsky, he was in Columbus for a while, great player, goes down there, and I believe he kind of had a rocky start at first. What is it like? Is it all confidence with these goalies? Like what is it to when a guy, can he get hot and all of a sudden and anyone can just make a run in the playoffs? Well, and this is why I remember when Carey Price, you know, I played. I was lucky. I played in front of some really good goaltenders in my career. First of all, Carey Price, who, in my opinion, should be a Hall of Famer. Peck Arena, who's got a statue outside of Bridgestone Arena in Nashville. Two really good goaltenders. Big Peck up. I remember that. Big Peck up. I remember that. Big peck up. Oh, yeah. Big peck up. I can't tell you on TV. So, I played in front of those guys. It's actually huge. Oh, he's massive. Peck up is like 6'6". Crazy long legs. Yeah, he's got legs. Anyway, so I believe that goaltending is hot and cold unless you got one of those big guys, it's hard nowadays to have a goaltender that you invest $8, $9, $10 million in because it's so hot and cold. You've got a cold streak. You hit a cold streak, you've got to put somebody else in there. So I believe that a goaltender, it's all about timing. You've got to hit your timing. Like look at Bobrovsky right now if we're picking the Vesna it's a guaranteed tap in that he's the Vesna trophy winner right now and that's that even ahead of Swayman I don't Swayman wouldn't even be able like what the saves that Bobrovsky's been making in the playoffs the level that he's been playing at is ridiculous so that's a goaltender who's just caught his stride at the right time. So I think with goaltending, it is about hot and cold. Look at Connor Hellebuck, right? Like, is he going to be able to find that level of play again, right? It's not all on him, but he's not playing at the level Sergey Bobrovsky's playing at right now. Dangles all over the stage right now. PK. Dangles all over the stage. Dude, we got to get on the ice too. I got to... Yeah, I can't skate. If you won't see me out there, I'll be sitting on a bench. I'll let you have it. I'm an undefeated coach. 1-0 this past weekend. I'm retiring, but I'll come back to coach you play hockey, PK, if we want to go to some beer league somewhere. Let's do it. Dude, I'm down. How many fights would you get in in those beer leagues well that's the problem that's why i don't go out because there's guys there's heroes like well i went i remember when i was drafted to montreal i went to this beer league state right after my development camp i had my hat stuff on i was all pumped up and a dude drops his shoulder like i'm in the corner like pulling the puck out and a dude drops his shoulder hits me right in the sermon my sternum was sore for a week. I got off the ice, never went back out for a beer league skate again. So, and right now I can tell you this, if I went on the ice in a beer league and a guy took a shot at me, I'm more inclined to break my stick over his back than just skate off the ice. So why would I put myself in that position? You know what I mean? I'm just not going to do it. Yeah, that'd be a felony. That's what that would be. The beer league thing. And you can't have that at this stage. No. Especially because you're representing hockey so damn well. Exactly! You're killing it right now, dude. Honestly. I assume always, but every time I turn on TV, you're on Spitting the Good Stuff about the great game of hockey. It's on a run You know, I'm just happy that I have a team that I'm comfortable with. It is a team effort at ESPN. Like, to be able to sit beside a guy who's got six rings, who's won championships, who's been a captain of a team, and then also led the New York Rangers to a Stanley Cup in 94, to have that, Steve Levy, a guy who's been in the business for 30 years boucher ross who i can call at any time to get advice ryan callahan a guy played against kevin weeks and the list goes on and on you know ray ferraro there's a lot of people that have influenced that needle moving for us in hockey so you know i'm just happy to be a part of it maybe i bring an element that stands out a little bit more but it is a team and uh those guys, me, Mess, and Leaves, we have a ton of fun, and we try to do that. We try to entertain, but we also try to bring the intangibles to the game that we can teach both current fans and fans that don't know much about hockey, you know, insight into the game and what it's all about so we can bring in some new fans. So that's what we try to do. But it is sports entertainment pat you know you got to entertain as well so we're having fun doing that absolutely you guys crush it the turner side crushes it hockey's in a great space yeah right now we're lucky as fans genuinely we appreciate you brother good luck on the show thank you man thanks thanks a lot guys i appreciate it thanks pat i always appreciate you giving me a platform to come on and do my thing, man. Thank you. What's the – you're on a bet show? Yeah, ESPN bet 515. I'll be going live. So I'll be pretty much saying what I just said right now. Pretty much what I said right now. All right. We already saw it. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, PK Subraman I already did all my research. You heard it. You already have stick taps. That's good stuff, boys. I didn't see a stick from AJ, but I heard it. Stick taps for you guys. Send it right back, brother. No, stick taps for you guys. I'm sending it right back. Stick taps for D-Bucks. Stick taps for you, D-Bucks. D-Bucks, Stick Taps for you guys. I'm sending it right back. Stick Taps for D-Bucks. Stick Taps for you, D-Bucks. D-Bucks, this is for you, D-Bucks. Here we fucking go. Here we fucking go, D-Bucks. Here we fucking go, boys. Here we fucking go, boys. All right. Stick Taps for us, Hey, how about stick taps for Patty Kavanaugh? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Patty Kavanaugh, Notre Dame national champion lacrosse player from the esteemed Kavanaugh family. Just broke the all-time record for points. That'll be it. Pat Kavanaugh. Way to go, Patty. Or Notre Dame. Notre Dame. Notre Dame, yeah. I believe he passed his brother, actually. Matt had it before. Yeah, Matt had it, then Pat passed it. Then there's a younger Cavanaugh somewhere that's going to come get it. I mean, what he does is just phenomenal. He's somehow faster than everybody, more crafty than everybody, tougher than everybody, more skilled. So is that good or not? Is that an Olympic sport? Is lacrosse an Olympic sport? We win it all again yeah the boys are gonna win it all what are you talking about every goal boys goal boys they've been ripping twine all year boys yeah you're damn right they have been i mean boys we've been cradling the out of this last regular season game was saturday nice snipe brother yeah thank you brother thank you bro are you right or lefty in lacrosse you think well i think i'm both dude yeah i mean well you got to be Thank you, brother. Thank you, brother. Are you right or lefty in lacrosse, you think? Well, I think I'm... Both, dude. Yeah, I mean... Well, you've got to be both. I mean, what's your dominant, you think? Well, I think I'd probably go this way just because it's more natural. Sure. More natural. Well, actually... Yeah. This one does feel... I twisting down here like a whole cue? He golfs backwards too, though. Remember? He golfs backwards as well. Oh, yeah. And he's not supposed to be. No, I'm a lefty. I feel like your right hand, since you throw righty, you're kind of throwing it out there. But am I doing it here or am I doing it up top? If you're running, you're a righty bro. I'm a righty bro. I'm a bat-loving... Boom! Good goal! Didn't step in the crease. Go behind your back. Feed him quick! Fucking goal, brother! No one's saving that! Big foul. Oh, deep shot, brother. Rip it, crank shot. Yeah! Rip it. Flying, boys. Here we fucking go, boys. Here we fucking go now. That's my Patty Kavanaugh. Can we watch those games? Yeah, most of them are on. It was on. I saw some of it live, actually, yesterday. It just happened to be on. I saw it. Okay. It said ESPN. It was on ESPN. ESPN Plus. Oh, it was Big Danny? It was on Big ESPN or ESPN 2. ESPN Plus has them all, too. All right. Well, I feel like we covered everything. Yes, we did. It's not true. There's a lot we're going to be able to cover tomorrow. Oh, yeah. So much. You know? Tomorrow's program. It program. It's going to be a big one tomorrow. Huge program. Huge night. We're finally wrapping up the draft weekend. Most important draft of the last few weeks. Has Omos gone anywhere yet? We lost a good woman out there. Nia Jax was drafted to SmackDown. Buddy, threw a stick. Lost your fucking twig, pal. It's in the hallway. Escape by the bench. The manager will give you another one jeez lost my stick boys lost my champion i mean what are we talking about she's not champion right now my my didn't brother take your defenseman jesus dude this splinter just went my finger fucking finger, dude. Look at this thing. Are you kidding me? That thing is huge. Sorry if I told you it was a wooden stick I was throwing at you. Holy fuck. That hurt, man. Look at this splinter. This is a huge splinter. What kind of twig are you dealing with out there? You see it? It's massive. No, we can't see any of it. I just dropped it. Oh, man. What about the camera behind you? Oh. Yeah. Drew a little blood. This guy got gashed. That's playoff hockey, brother. That is playoff hockey. You got to keep your mitts on. We're all battling through something. Yeah, we are. We certainly are. Wow, we got a flu game for you tomorrow. I'm shoot bleeding, brother Nine figures. Fuck that is right. Look at your boy. Look at your figgies. Is the final boss getting drafted? How does this work? Those are my big questions. Can we draft Stone Cold Steve Austin? You should lead the show with that tonight. I don't know. I think Roman opted out. Huh? Yeah. He opted out? Yeah. He opted out. Well, Roman Reigns. He retired? No, he opted out of the draft. He didn't retire. Because color me shocked when the Raw brand selected Ivar with the pick. What? A lot of potential. That's what the draft's all about. Yeah, but I'm just thinking this is not a fucking value pick here. What is a premium pick? We're still yeeting, right? Yeah, certainly. Yeah, certainly. We are still eating. That's huge. J.U. says first pick of the Raw brand. Raw is absolutely dominating. Dominating. Seth Rollins. You got Broad Breaker? That's huge. Where's Drew McIntyre? Braun is going to run through those ropes. How is Drew McIntyre not been drafted yet? He's doing the drafting. SmackDown got a heavy pick, too. He's like the sleeper of this draft I don't understand how this works SmackDown got the entire bloodline Did Michael Cole do this? No, because they didn't get the other I'm happy Seamus and Ricochet I'm happy they're still This is good for us in round three But how do you draft the whole fucking bloodline? That family's huge That family is big Oh, you got the Alpha Academy Oh, you got the Alpha Academy. Oh, you got Otis. And Keanu James. Don't just skip over that one. It was a big round four. Keanu James does it. Yeah, superstar. Absolute talent. Oh, man. LA Knights on SmackDown? Yeah. Yeah. He just screams SmackDown, though. Yeah, he's a Friday Night guy. He's on a rocket ship to the top. We know that. Yeah He's on a rocket ship to the top. We know that. Yeah. What's a former SmackDown intro song? We're going out tonight. You know what I'm talking about? That song? I just remember it. Yeah, we're coming. Yeah, you're talking about Nickelback, I believe. That's game day. That song, though. We're going out. That song. Coach Victor Nickelback, I believe. Two years. That's game day. That song, though, the we're going up, that song, Coach Victor, outside linebacker coach for West Virginia, took over the Touch Toons and played that thing first. Nice. Right away. Nice. Oh, you still have Ivar. So pumped. He is a legend. This guy is awesome. Stupid Corbin's back. Where He's SmackDown, though. Hey, congrats, Baron. Ooh, Alba Fire. Okay, Alba Fire. Well, he and Braun Breaker were the Alpha Dogs or something. They were the tag team champions. They had a good little moment backstage. And now one goes to SmackDown, one goes to Raw. Who'd SmackDown get from the OC? Ryan Atwood? No, Luke Gallows, Carl Anderson, and Meech. What are you talking about? That's not the TV show. Fucking pretty TV show from 1999. I believe that's the original click there. Who got Paul Walter Hauser? That's my question. Who's drafting Steve Austin and Dwayne Johnson? Are you okay? That was good. Wow. Funny guy. That was good. I haven't seen. Oh, wait.. Oh, he's good. Haven't seen. Oh, wait. Hold on. What's on the bottom there? Did that bum JD McDonough go to SmackDown? McNooch? I haven't seen Judge McDonough draft at all. Thank God Cody Rhodes is on SmackDown. No, I thought the champions were protected. Let's go to Raw. Is Cody Rhodes over there roads over it nope all right well he's a two show he's a two show champion no it's not that's what i just read i'm probably because everyone was sick of it sick of what two champions on one show i wasn't i wasn't but probably everyone was like yeah it was interesting i was i was trying to figure out how they would handle two champions on one show right because at some point their survivor series you know you kind of go against each but I didn't fully I didn't know how that was going to work so it makes sense we got one champion on each show because then you know everybody's kind of hunting yeah because if you have two on one you see you guys you guys need to select Drew McIntyre tonight. See what The Rock gave him? Yeah. He's fucking Claymore back. Yeah, exactly. Not one. Not two. Three. Three clamor kicks. Why hasn't he been drafted? We made picks without making him. That's what I'm saying. You're drafting Ivar in the third round when fucking McIntyre's out there? High ceiling for Ivar. Yeah, the plans for Ivar are written in the stars, brother. I would be surprised. I've seen his verticals about two inches. I don't know how high the ceiling is. The Viking? Yeah. Oh, he's going off the top rope. See him off the top rope, brother. Yeah, off the top rope, sure. He calls it a doom salt. And if you're under there, Did he get a new gimmick? We got JBL. Is that the draft room? War Room. We still got Seamus, right? Look at that big boy. Yes. Live look into the War Room. Is that Devon Dudley? Yeah, they were making picks. Is Belichick in there? How often are they around Raw? I don't see these guys in any Raws. Do they care about what our roster looks like? Obviously, JBL is going to make the right decision And Devon Dudley is going to do his thing But all these Is that Tori? I think so She was trending so I would assume so Okay so that's Tori All these other I don't know who they are Why are they making Michael Cole needs to be in there Yeah You know Right Who's the Smackdown people? Who's the Smackdown folks? Their war room War room. How come William Regal isn't in it? I was just going to say, where is Regal? What are we doing? I can't wait tonight to say, who's making these selections for us, Cole? How the fuck are you not in there? Should be you, Cole. Is that a front office? I don't think I've seen them in some time. The scouting department, they must be scouting. Yeah, that's probably it. They got to be. Oh, there it is. Oh. The Undertaker. Bubba. Michelle McCool. Who? Who's wearing the hat? SmackDown's War Room looks pretty dialed in. Much better War Room. You guys got fleeced. Yeah, damn. And they got. What the fuck is going on? They're calling Cole. Hulk Hogan's old hockey jersey on there, too. Michael Cole, what are we doing? He's going to be in a meeting. I'm going to say, good, we need to figure out our fucking war room. Oh, yeah, hit the fuck you button. Maybe that's what he's doing right now. He's probably doing it right now. Cracking skulls. I'm calling him back. Can you trade up? You said that's the Hulk's jersey? Yeah, but it costs too much. Really? Yeah, I can't trade up. Yeah, that's Hulk Hogan's goalie jersey. Is that Teddy Long? Yeah, it is. I saw him out there as well. I thought he was a defenseman for the St. Louis Chief Who is in our war room? I mean, you got a good cowboy hat. You got the best hat of any war room. Couple guys who love a nice blazer with some blue jeans. I'm calling Cole for a third time. I wouldn't know who the fuck this is. I think third time your phone treats as emergency and doesn't let you F you it. Do not disturb. He's in a meeting. Yeah. That's bullshit. Cole, yeah. Turn me off the then answer nothing so he has hearing aids so he can put your his phone right to his hearing aids so it's like built in bluetooth are we all gonna hear pause yeah airpods yeah are we all gonna need those i think so i thought. I'm assuming I'm definitely going to for how loud I like to keep it to. You do like it very loud. I like to hear everything. Yeah. I like to hear if I'm breathing in a mic or if I can hear, you know, a GM. Yeah. So everybody else can do that. But I was going to tell them to take, put me in, hey, put me in your brain. Yeah. We don't need to outside hear this, but we need a motivational speech to our fucking front office. All right, so that's happening tonight. Let's go. Can we not draft The Rock? They're going to draft tonight again? How many times have they drafted? It's the last round. It's the last round. Just like the NFL. It's day three? Yeah. Can someone refuse? Say they don't want to go. They want to go SmackDown over Raw. I mean, I'm sure there has been an Eli Manning situation before in the WWE draft. Maybe one happens tonight. Somebody gets drafted away from Raw, and they go, we don't want to leave here. We want to stay on Raw. Raw's a good time. Love Raw. I don't go to Fox. That'd be stupid. Yeah. What if that's what somebody says. That'd be cool. It's really possible. I hope it happens. They need to get Drew McIntyre tonight. Yeah. What if we lose Drew? Who else is going to challenge Punishment Martinez? His name's Damian Priest. I know, but I... He's our champion. He's my guy now. He is my guy. That man is a superstar. He is a supernova that is just going to keep going and going. But if they don't. Here's the draft poll. CM Punk, why don't we draft him? Bronson Reed. Wait, Jade Cargill is still on the board? Yeah, how is she up? What are we doing? I don't know. I honestly don't know how it all worked out. Judgment Day? KO's out there still? Maybe there was like a friendly agreement between the two. Like, hey, well, let's not do anything crazy here. You know? Let's not do anything crazy. Sure. We'll settle this out business-wise. Who can offer better contracts gets the people. So if you don't get picked, you just stay on the existing roster you were on. I hope you don't pick Judgment Day. Better pick up the Creed's. Get those Creed brothers. We do need the Creed brothers. Stat. I don't know what. Ivy Nile. Yeah, they are. Shinsuke. Ivy Nile's a Creed brother. Shinsuke. I don't know. I think she's part of the Creed brothers. Okay. You know, like. I'm just asking. You know, like the brothers Osborne. Oh, okay. Is Gunther's Osborne is a band. Gunther's still out there? That makes more sense. Gunther's available? Why didn't we draft Gunther? And you get Ludwig with him. Oh, well, that's probably why then. You can draft Imperium together. So it looks like... It's Ludwig. It looks like Friday had its draft pool, so you can only draft these guys on Friday. And now on Monday, this opens up. Okay. Okay. Tell him not to draft Final Testament. I don't like those guys. Why don't you like them? Why? I just don't, and I don't want to see them on Mondays. Tell you what, I went to that Raw in Chicago. You need to get Giovanni Vinci immediately. He lost. He's a superstar. Yeah, but his traps are to his ears, and he's a good bison. You know, he's actually, I learned, there's part of northern Italy. Yeah, you can tell by his look. Speaks German. I don't love that. Wow. What are you talking about? Of course. Also speaks Italian. Okay. But I believe there is a, I didn't know this about Italy. There is a portion, I guess. Up there? I don't know if it's back in the day and he was like kayfabe with me for whatever the gimmick is, but I guess there is a part I didn't even... Like Northwest Ohio, those people like Michigan, kind of like that. The Italians aligned with the wrong side one time. Yeah, it was a pretty big time. One time. Pretty big time. Tell it to Jesus Christ. Oh yeah. Because you guys killed him. I mean, technically that battle is still being waged. Amen. Thanks to the Italians. Jesus Christ ain't dead. More importantly, he's alive in all of us. It was the Romans, and they were well said. Very true. Maybe. He just risen. I hope so. First pick tonight for Rob better be Chelsea Green and Piper Niven. That's all I know. A couple dogs. I mean, how does it work? I don't know they can just poach let's say they do try to take that tag team which is back and that would ready to for shoot suck run through the rules of the draft champions on each brand will be protected or not eligible to be drafted as result damian priest becky lynch awesome truth and sammy zane will remain on raw cody roads bailey eight time done under uh oldest call to make con down under uh like that that was so good that's will remain on Raw. Cody Rhodes, Bayley, A-Ton, Don Under. I'll just call him A-Klon, Don Under. I like that. That was so good. I laughed so hard. Logan Paul, who will be on Monday Night Raw tonight, will remain on SmackDown. Even though their status as champions allows them to go to both brands, women's tag team champions Asuka and Kairi Sane are eligible to be drafted. Friday SmackDown will feature first four rounds. Monday's Raw will feature six rounds. That's that extra hour, brother. What's that big pop in the back there? What's that big pop in the back? Two per hour. That's awesome. Are you going to be in the war room too tonight? That's what I'm saying. How come Michael Cole doesn't allow to have a thought? I don't always do this. I am tagging tonight. do this. I am tagging tonight. Must watch. The draft? Holy shit, Tony. Slow it down, brother. Alright, well I gotta get to it. Super Bowl. Okay. National Championship. And the Monday Night Raw draft. WWE draft. Not Friday. Final round. Not even Friday. Final round. Tag it. Tag it. No, no, no. The Chiefs and all... We're going to Kansas City for Monday Night Raw. The home of the new draft. Ian Rapport's reporting. No more champagne problems. The Chiefs and All-Pro and Pro Bowl tight end. Travis Kelsey agreed to terms on a new two-year contract extension to make him the NFL's highest-paid tight end. Yeah! The deal was done by his longtime agent, Mike Simon, and now with Milk Honey Sport. Nice. Milk Honey Sport. Nice. Milk Honey Sport. Milk Honey Sport. Fascinating name for an agency, but nonetheless, Travis Kelsey, who had taken pay cuts in the past to potentially open up more space in the salary cap, has obviously produced, is now a multiple-time Super Bowl champion, a world icon, a podcast host, and now highest paid tight end in history. Congratulations, Travis. That's so high school, isn't it? That's so high school, AJ. I mean, what was he before this deal? What in line of tight ends on the list? Where was it? I think he was down because, remember, he did the Southern Cap Gymnastics. Team-friendly deals, right? He's got some team-friendly. Yeah, he had already earned over $100 million. Congrats, brother. Atta baby. I mean, it's nothing in your household. No. Still a good chunk. Still good. Yeah, he was fourth behind Darren Waller, TJ Hawkinson, and George Kittle. Darren Waller makes 17 a year. Is he still playing or what? Do we know? We do not. TBD. Anybody knows. Okay. I haven't heard anything about him lately. Travis, good for you, dude. Let's go. Play good golf this weekend, too. He had a good swing. He's a good golfer. Remember, we saw him at that 17th hole. No, 9th long drive hole out at the American. Oh, yeah. 15th. Whatever it is, he murders the ball. He can kill it. He can kill the ball. He was out at the Mahomes charity golf event in Vegas. Not only did he kill the ball, Taylor Swift was with him. Being supportive off the field. Whoa, whoa, whoa. They might be there in love. I love that. And then he's making big time catches in the middle of an event where Patrick Mahomes is spinning it out into a crowd. Probably very sober. One-handed grab in between tables. What a completion for these two, who are always on the same page, even when they're incredibly drunk at a charity event. That's right. Thank God he caught that thing. Yep. There was some big money in the room, I would assume, that could have got out right to the face. But instead, Travis Kelsey does what he has done since Patrick Mahomes has become quarterback, and that's make a play. That done since Patrick Mahomes has become a quarterback and that's make a play. We're going to make a play too. We're going to get the hell out of here. Tomorrow's a big one. I'm happy for Travis. Going to Kansas City right now, I'm going to fuel the buzz. The electricity in the city. I can't wait to get there. And WWE draft tonight on USA Network? Must watch. Let's go. This guy said it. Tag it. Must watch. Let's go. Tag it. We just tagged it. So excited. Draft's my thing. Have you done any scouting? Have you done more scouting than a fucking Raw War Room I just looked at? I could step into a Raw War Room tonight. Boy, that was tough. Raw War Room. Raw is war. that or tons i could step in that raw war war room tonight oh boy that was tough it's not a raw war room yeah well raw is war another r word uh and absolutely dominate the draft tonight all right we're gonna get the hell out of here we will see you tomorrow aj great work from back there boys in the back phenomenal work not only here but obviously draft night up there in detroit great work great work team to all the people that built the set and everything, great work. We appreciate it. There was no sound at the beginning to YouTube, which, most important part of that particular... Yeah, most important part. No sound. I guess there was something that was potentially leaned on, allegedly. Now, there was no sound affiliate to the crowd because the speakers weren't big enough. They got bigger ones. They turned those things up. But nonetheless, we appreciate everybody's hard work. Bill Belichick, thank you, Paul. Bill Belichick, I don't know if you're going to see this. If you're not, we'll rip it and we'll send it to you. Great work, Bill. They're writing articles about Bill Belichick doing the draft now. Bill. They're writing articles about Bill Belichick doing the draft now, like everybody. They said he did good, AJ. I thought so in real time. I'm like, Bill Belichick's fucking killing it right now. Legit. I loved how Bill always would try to bring it back on track. We strayed a little bit. He did not falter. He's going right back to diagnosing whoever just got drafted, what the team needs. That was one of my favorite parts. He did it multiple times. If we get back to that board, it's like, whoa, Bill. We're in the middle of something. Check the tape. That's really important here. How about while O's the mental is who? Oh, man. Demon. Dominated. Hey. Unruh. He predicted the first, what, 13 picks? Is that right that he somehow gimmicked that, I don't understand how he would have gimmicked that. We were literally right there. That thing was legitimately taped, saran wrapped to Conor's chest. Now, it fell when Conor unwrapped it. So everybody's thinking that Conor would be in on it. You think Conor wanted to see that guy succeed? Come on. Legit. AJ cut the cards three fucking times. Yep. We were trying to get this guy. That trying to get this guy. That was the whole purpose of it. AJ cut the cards. While Bill Belichick's texting Sean Payton, trying to book him on the show, this guy's doing a trick that we're going to remember for the rest of our lives, pretty much. And Bill's like, Sean Payton, you want him for 10 minutes? Yeah. This guy's right here. AJ's doing what he does in card games. Fuckery. I fucking asked him. Fuckery with the cards cuts it three times cuts it to one time others goes do you like it no I don't like it then you pick it and then nope and then pick it again third time we were trying to get this fucking guy I think all of us were were we not yeah yeah like when you see like magic or different things you're like okay there's something that we don't know this I have no clue how any of this no idea none of it score the hats. I tried to reverse psychology and go with the Dolphins and the Chargers, but he got that. The 98. Before we went on air, this kind of got lost in the whole story because he went through his phone and wrote out the name he was looking at in his contact list. So unless he could see through fucking phones, I have no idea how he'd do that. He comes fucking phones, I have no idea how he'd do that, he comes up to me, give me a number, zero to 100 or whatever, and in my head, I go 98, I think in my head, 98, why, no reason for me to pick that number, absolutely no reason at all, no allegiances to it, nothing, didn't stray either, first number to pop to my head, 90, I'm gonna keep it there, so he writes down like 13, and then he goes, ooh, that it you want something bigger you want bigger and i'm like maybe others you fucking tell me but and then he writes it down he goes what numbers i'm like 98 turns around fucking 90 i'm like what is your problem yeah what is this guy's deal then the score 34 27 yeah i like when we met him beforehand or whatever you know when he was just like kind of talking to us like i was in character the whole time so like i i was i was like i'm definitely gonna be able to get him because i'm not telling him my real name i'm not doing any of this shit like i'm just gonna i'm gonna do what i'm gonna do on the show and of course you know he's like he had me write it down i ripped it into a thousand pieces he didn't see it put it in my my uh suit like you know, pocket. Fucking nailed it. It was impressive. We don't know what you're doing, O, but it's something. It's something. Yeah. Keep an eye on that guy. He's not extracting info from us either, where a lot of those people, like, you'll kind of, they kind of ask you questions and guide you to where they're going to get you. That's not what he's doing either. He's a freak. A mentalist? A lot of people are like, this guy's missing out on a billion dollars. He's making a lot of money right now. But is it like a pigs get fed, hogs get slaughtered type thing? Probably. I think there's an authority that comes for him. Imagine him playing cards. Imagine that fucker just playing cards. I don't know how it works. Putting a parlay together when he picks the first 13 picks of the draft. What if he did that? His accounts probably fly. An NFL team should hire him. Yeah, what's his deal? What is his AOs? What's going on? I kind of would like to know. Mitch should hire him next year to do the mock quietly, and it'll be Mitch's mock draft 280,000 views on YouTube mitts mock way to go great got a text from Stanford Steve it said need a mitts mock every Friday going forward about anything anything just top 10 okay at all I'm in just need to do that yeah hey way to go mitt that boy maybe mitt yeah Fuck yeah. Mickey just said that. See, and they're there. There he is. There we go. Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. You. You. You. You. You. No, you. You. No, you. You. No, you, man. You. No, it's you. You. No, you should be saying me, man. It's you. You. Double show of all time. We appreciate you so much. Obviously, boys, you crushed it. Mad Mel, what a weekend. Boston Connor, what a mullet. I mean, the hair looked. Thank you. Yeah, that took a long time. But we strategized. We were trying to do it. We talked about it for a couple days before. Don Diggs, how about you manning that board, Don? I love manning that board. How about us not trying to tip picks because people are getting pissed that we're also doing network television? I actually got an exciting update for the board next year if we need to. What is it? It's just going to look a lot more advanced, let's say. Oh, Tony. Let's not do it like a Denver Broncos new uniform type thing. We don't want to. If it ain't broke, you know. We had pretty good draft work. Don if it ain't broke, you know? That's right. We had a pretty good draft work. Don't be doing that now. You're a little dramatic like the lights guy. I mean, I'm saying if you wanted to have the guys' pictures and maybe a touchscreen situation. Oh, a touchscreen. A Kornacki. I mean, yes, a Kornacki touchscreen. Yeah, I'm in touch with the right people. Oh, I can't wait. $600,000. We'll get you a fucking touchscreen LED board. And it'll be no... In Green Bay. It'll work for sure. Yeah. No. In Green Bay, Wisconsin. It'll work. We got it for you. You know what's right behind Pat there? Get that touchscreen. Would that be good? That'd be great. Anyways, Tony, you did great down there. Thank you. No defenders drafted, but you guys killed it. Yeah. Yeah. Goals went. Yeah, but kind of an embarrassment for the defensive side of the ball. It happens. We'll dominate next year's draft. Hey, deep draft, though. It felt like every two, three, four I knew players that were getting. It was showing up on my phone alerts. I'm like, I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. Felt like a lot of good players were drafted this year. Yeah, the Pat's seventh round pick was Jaheim Bell, like the Florida State tight end. Like, I remember watching him in big moments last year, and he went in the seventh round. Now, we did pay closer attention to college ball this year. True. True. So maybe that's something to do with it. Look at us doing research all year for this big moment. Paid off. We're professionals. Shot the Roger fucking Goodell coming on. Yeah, it was awesome. Peanut M&Ms. Yep. I think people liked them by the end of it. Yeah. Loved them. Well, people are always going to hate them, but some turn some of them. No doubt. It was on today's show when he was talking about having a three-day weekend for the Super Bowl. You know, that obviously made pretty big news because everybody would like the Monday after the Super Bowl to be a holiday. He's like, got to figure it out. We'll actually fucking already take one. Yeah. Now that's becoming. So they're taking a holiday now. Oh, yeah. It's over. And I bet. No, I bet presidents are like, yes, this should be our holiday. Oh, you think presidents are going to be pumped? Yeah, presidents are like, hey, you're welcome. Because of us, you get that day after the Super Bowl and also, I bet the presidents wanted that day for the Super Bowl. Wow. How many presidents are alive and voting on that? 50, I think. Okay. Yeah, okay. That's good. A little more than I thought, maybe. They're all alive. Yeah. Dug them up. Yay or nay? Wow. Yay or nay? George Washington. Did you see that lady who took a dead dude into a bank trying to get a loan? Yes. You saw this? Yes, I did. Dude was dead for hours. We had a great weekend at Bernie's. I saw that. Rolled his ass in there. Put his hand up to try to sign for a loan. Yep. This guy says, give me everything. It's like a 65-year-old lady, a 55-year-old lady. Did it work? I think I caught him. Yeah. No, she got him. Okay. And they actually had to catch him because he was up and over. Cracked his skull on the ground. Bloody smell. Blood everywhere. Yeah. They caught him. It's a ballsy move, man. She's like, no, he's all right. He just does this. skin color is kind of awful i think he might be dead no i got it just go inside he's tired he's tired he writes in cursive it's tough to understand that's his signature okay that's his name that looks like a dash and his hand still hasn't he mean he loves me yeah he's one of those things where it can't always be so joe you know joe he. He's old man. He took an Ambien. That guy's fucking dead. Imagine the bank teller. Got to worry about getting robbed at gunpoint by the wolf who wants chief's tickets. And then all of a sudden you got to keep an eye out for fucking dead people showing up in wheelchairs signing off for loans. That's phenomenal. Bank teller sees some shit. Yeah. see some shit yeah they know yeah there she is he's alive fucking sign him no big deal just give us the 60 70 grand who's the big guy her face looking at that camera is all time bottom left he kind of looks alive yeah how long has he been dead do we know a couple hours they said i mean bottom left he's just chilling he's relaxed he's going to the bank did she know this guy or she just found a dead guy i I think it was her uncle. Okay. Look at him propped up. Yeah, the internet's saying it was her uncle. I like that she had him sit shotgun. Yeah, it was nice. Yeah. Not in the back. Trapper man. That person down at the bottom left probably telling her right now, I think this guy's... I'm going to go check on... He's fucking dead, lady. Lady. Sorry. Is this guy okay? Yeah, he needs an autograph. Everything's okay. Did you see the mannequin that fell in the IndyCar race this weekend? Mm-hmm. We got dead bodies at banks. We got mannequins on the track. We need to keep an eye out for body-like things that aren't alive. Madness. Right? Do we know what his eyes were doing? He was sleeping. There's one up to the left, one down to the right. Oh, googly? Yeah, yeah. And the bank teller was like, excuse me. And the lady was like, shut those things. He's sleeping. He's not supposed to be looking. Sometimes he does that. Sometimes he does that. It feels like this guy's dead. So what if he is? Fucking give him a loan. alone. A couple hundred grand? That's it. He'll pay you back. Look, he's good for it. Look at him. He's fucking good for it. Alright, and that's the show. I think it has to be. I'm happy we covered the dead dude at the bank. Me too. I didn't know I was gonna make it on the program. I didn't see that. Rest in peace. He's not resting in peace at all. He's resting in chaos. He might now. In cash. He's in the middle of a fucking, he's in the middle of a bankrupt. He's getting sued. I used that last bit of money to have a decent funeral. No way. That guy's getting tossed in a fucking bucket. She's launching him off the overpass on the way home. That's his niece. I couldn't even imagine if there's any other members. This guy fucking sucks. She get arrested for this? Oh, yeah. Fraud. I think there's a pretty big fraud case about to come down, depending upon how much it was. I imagine doing something with a dead body, too. You can't parade a dead body around, Tony. Yeah, there's some. You would think. Maybe she thought it was the hospital. Huh? Maybe she thought it was the hospital. Maybe she thought it was the hospital. Huh? Maybe she thought it was the hospital. Don't be getting any ideas here. Come on, Tony. Wait, this isn't a... Oh, I thought we were signing... I'm so sorry. Oh, so I can't get 3,000 bucks is what it was? I guess it was 3,000 dollars. That's not me. I thought this was a hospital. How many different banks was she going to take dead guy to? A couple more 3,000. 3,000, that's it? Oh, is it Brazil? This probably happens all the time. I know a guy in Brazil you could take a dead body to and get way more than 3,000. If all the... Do they people still do that? The selling of bodies? Harvest of organs? Yeah. Death organs? It's a big market. I always hear about it. Ask AJ about it. The family's lawyer disputes that Okay. Lady, we see him on the road. He's fucking dead. No, he was still alive. He drove you. At one point, she can be seen trying to get a pen into the dead man's hand. Come on, fucking tighten the grip a little bit. This guy can't do anything. Investigators have not said what charges the woman. We don't fucking know. Okay, we put her in jail. We're trying to figure it out now. You tell us. Is this fraud? Is it not? The human's technically there, but he's not. Thought he was alive. Is it the soul? Is it the body? What are we here for? Who has the money? Anyways, don't be like that. Come on. What if you're working at a bank and some old guy comes in or whatever and you question if he's dead or not and he's actually not he's just old and maybe he has dementia dude and so his daughter's well he's not gonna remember you saying it so nope well i'm saying that people can get upset what if it's not the daughter to get upset what if it is just an old as fuck and yeah a lot more a lot of you've ever been he's oh i'm sorry i'm sorry had no idea. That would be like, are you pregnant? Question. Yeah. You know, but for an old. Very similar. Very similar. You look dead. Maybe you fucking look alive. Take a shower. Look alive. Wake up, old man. You look fucking dead. That's what I'm telling you. Rest in peace to that man. Yeah, obviously. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Maybe. He's in chaos. We don't know if he's a terrible guy. You're right. Maybe that's why she did that. We don't know. Also true. Maybe, yeah. Because we don't know where that $3,000 was going to go. As far as we know, though, he was a good guy. Well, he was a dead guy that was strapped to a wheelchair and taken into a bank. So at this particular point, person than the other person, but... I think you're right. We don't know him personally. Where did she learn it from? Maybe he told her to. Maybe he said, hey, I'm going to be dead in a few hours. Take me to the bank. Take my money. I did this with my wife. Why wouldn't he do it alive? Here's the deal. You know my most recent wife? Fucking hate her. You get this money, not her. Why don't you get divorced? That's a whole process. And she gets half. This is what we need to do. I'll be on my deathbed. You strap me in. We'll go bank to bank to bank to bank. We'll take out all of the money that I have. Even get more money with loans. Who gives a fuck what my credit score is? I'm very good. We don't know. That could be the case. And then on the way to Dead. Dies. Dead. You're not dying on me now, motherfucker. Yeah, right. Ten more minutes. Please. Hold on, prick. Yeah, she probably shot him after the fact. His name is Balo Roberto. I don't know what Zito's saying. He said it in Spanish. Braga. B-R-A-G-A. I heard Laga there, but Braga. Balo Braga. Hey, rest in peace, Balo. You don't deserve what happened to you when you were a dead man. Fun fact. Unless you're a dirtbag. He was the main antagonist in Fast and Furious 5. 5. Braga was the bad guy. Braga was the bad guy. Actually, four. Four. Four. Yep. Wow. Fast and Furious trivia just came in on the pipe. What's five about if you guys don't know what four is about? Fast Five has been the Rock's first one. Oh, and then him and Vin Diesel just started throwing punches at each other the whole time? Brog has been the bad guy in a couple of them. When did he catch the missile? That was like eight. That's when they started going off the rails a bit Off the rails? That's when it started? What do you mean off the rails? Number five, they're dragging the whole entire safe A safe I watched the first one and it's about DVDs? Yeah, DVD players I watched the first ten minutes or so I saw how you guys got into it Never really got a chance to get into it Next time Are they still going? They got one more, allegedly. There's another bad boy that's coming out. Yep, bad boy's four. Will Smith, he hasn't been talked about on the internet much. No. Been staying quiet. He's coming back. His boy was on the internet. There's a second Will Smith alone in the city. What's that, buddy? There's a second Will Smith Alone in the City coming out as well I Am Legend I Am Legend Alone in the City it's a prequel with Michael B. Jordan what I couldn't remember the name of the movie but I said you guys knew what I talked about what about why'd Ron cook Ben Stiller so hard boy oh boy I saw that I don't know I don't know if he meant that or not. That's a rivalry. That's Sixers, yeah. Sixers next. But the Stiller, wow. That was awesome. Did you see this, AJ? I did not see. Roan went after him? No. He didn't go after him. I see Ben Stiller going crazy on courtside all the time. I didn't see what Roan did. Yeah, he's pumped up for the Knicks. on court side all the time. I didn't see what Roan did. Yeah, he's pumped up for the Knicks. Yep. They're all pumped up about the Knicks. Big body Brunson's got a chance to lead them. Really got a shot. They're saying there's a, yeah, here it is. Rich Eisen goes, I honestly never thought there'd be another player who would make me feel about the Knicks the same way Bernard King did. He was wrong. 666,000 views. Interesting. Then Ron responds, Philadelphia Sixers fan, also co-host of... The Pat Bev Pod. With Pat Beverly. All your movies are extremely low effort, copy and paste garbage. Oh, no. Everything goes wrong for the main character. Who could have seen that happening? And Focker sounds like fucker. Who could have ever thought of that? Ron is a former battle rapper who could cook anybody at any time if he wanted to and put his mind to it. Talking about a real brilliant savant when it comes to this. And Ben Stiller just, wow, okay. Good response by Ben. He's riding high with the Knicks. I don't need this. Copy and paste garbage. Come on. Roan didn't mean that. No, no. Ben Stiller's movies are awesome. I agree. Roan meant every word of that, my brother. Connor. Nick Sixers, it's real. They're both teams that are just trying to get to the Eastern Conference Finals, you know, and their season there. Against? The Celtics. All right. Let's get to a break We'll be back tomorrow We can't thank you enough tonight WWE draft is going to be a big deal If this goes in, we'll draft Dwayne Johnson Oh yeah, sweet Final boss Yes This goes in, we'll draft Stone Cold Steve Austin Yes Oh no Mankind Mankind Dongo I don't know. Tribal Chief. Dongo. I don't know if I'm Dongo's. Gilbert. Is Val Venis still doing it? Gilbert. Dongo. Welcome back, Dongo. Dongo it is. Welcome back. What a great time. What a great time in wrestling history. It was. You're right. It's coming back. The universe just said it. All right. We'll be back tomorrow. You are the greatest. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together as a team. Hell yeah. Speaking of team on me, I got to do this with the team. Oh, nice. Oh yeah. The gold team. I gave a little speech in the locker room beforehand. I pieced some words together. Wasn't my greatest motivation but the boys were already ready. The hay was in the barn. And you know team on me. Alright. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye. Thank you.