nk you. so The Thank you. so Thank you. so so The The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. Yeah! The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stunner! Stunner! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this, there's 100 days till NFL football Tuesday, May 20th, 2024. This program starts now! Hell yeah! Hell yeah is right. We are just 100 days away from NFL kickoff, where the Chiefs will play host to the Baltimore Ravens. And we're obviously incredibly excited. We hope you had a fantastic Memorial Day weekend. We hope that yesterday you gave thanks or a thought to those who gave it all for this beautiful country that we live in. And although it's not perfect, if it wasn't for those that signed a line saying, I will die for this country if need be for us to keep going, they have made it better in our pursuit of the best country on planet Earth. It was a nice day yesterday. Got a chance to take in some sports, some action, some family time, and some Monday Night Raw. But it was after an incredible race Sunday, an incredible weekend of sport in the NBA, we're eyeing down one sweep on the West and on the East. The Pacers got swept by the Boston Celtics. So that way the Eastern Conference Finals are over. The Boston Celtics are going to be representing the East in the NBA Finals against who? Will it be the Minnesota Timberwolves who were the story of the early playoff run as they knocked off the champions, the Denver Nuggets and the Phoenix Suns? And that guy, Anthony Edwards, was going to be the next face of the NBA until this guy said, excuse me, am I still playing? Do I still exist? Am I banged up? Sure, I'm not 100% healthy, but you can be the ball in the fourth quarter. I'm going to make the shot. That's just kind of how it goes. And then Kyrie Irving, his tag team partner, has been playing at a level that we haven't seen in some time out of the magician with the basketball. They're up 3-0. A sweep is potentially on the horizon in both conference finals. That means the best teams are certainly going to be fighting over the NBA trophy. Not the NBA Cup, the in-season tournament, but the NBA championship. And in the NHL, it's 2-1, 2-1. In the East, the New York Rangers take a 2-1 series lead over the Florida Panthers in the barn, in the sunrise, that you were at in a double overtime, 5-4 thriller. How do you feel about the Florida Panthers down 2-1 to the New York Rangers? Man, look, it was a great game. It's great that we went to New York and stole one early, you know, winning game one, but lost two back-to-back overtime games. Great game. You know, two great teams, and the goalies, Sestertian and Nett, is unbelievable. You saw by Igor. Yeah, I don't know how many more shots he saw than Bob, but he was absolutely great standing on his head. But big game tonight. I think we'll bounce back. We'll recover and tie the series 2-2. Okay, that's Darius J. Butler. Lifelong Florida Panthers fan down there in South Florida. They are in one against the New York Rangers, who have found something with a big guy back in the lineup, as opposed to a healthy scratch. Hey, the guy that brought our team to life in the middle of the season. Yeah, let's not play him in our biggest games. Yeah, right. Put Rempe on the ice. Magical things happen. Although we are friends with the entire Florida Panthers squad. That's a good series. And West Texas hockey, how bad? Look at that. Hell yeah. One half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys at Bubba Gumpino in the back there. How about the Dallas Stars maybe making a run at the Lordo? The boys are buzzing. Rupe Hintz came back last night. He's been out for four games. Played really well. Jason Robertson got a hattie. He hadn't scored in a while either. So that line finally got buzzing again. Otter doing his thing. Just slow starts. Feels like if we can weather the storm in the first, we can beat these Oilers. Yeah, the Edmonton Oilers obviously with Drysaddle and McDavid and the boys buzz around in the first period they've been getting a lead and then all of a sudden guess who's been coming back? Oh, Texas Hockey. The glass banging guy who's right behind the net. They're coming back in the second and third period to a 2-1 series lead. Will they be the ones representing the West or will McDavid and the boys be able to be better in the second and third periods than they have been as they have been absolute crap and Texas hockey has taken advantage of them? Congrats to sports being great right now. Congrats, sports. Let's get back to the NBA as we introduce the talks at the table. At Ty Schmidt and at Boston Connor, I see the shirt, the Jay Tatum shirt. The Celtics sweep the Indiana Pacers. We were there for game three on Saturday. I actually even revved up. Yeah, you did. I revved up before the game. I broke it. In the Indy car there the night before the Indy 500. What an honor that was. Indianapolis was a buzz. And speaking of Indy 500, Joseph Newgarden, the winner of that, will join us in about 36 minutes. Yeah, I saw what Dale Davis did, and I thought I'm going to do the exact opposite. I'm going to go as hard as I possibly can. Did, and this is forward mission here, obviously, transparency. I was trying to break that thing. If that wheel comes off in the middle of that, that's great news. That thing's going in the sky. And then I was hammering the pedal as well with my boots. I was trying to break that as well. Place was magnetic. It was so... Had an 18-point lead at one point. I sat through it with Boston Celtics fans and Fairfield stags in the suite. And I'll tell you what, that'll be something I would recommend to no people ever. To ever have to be around people that are fans of those particular teams during a game, especially with kids around and everything that's potentially happening because of the amount of passion. But it was real, and it was fun to watch. You around and everything that's potentially happening because the amount of passion but it was real and it was fun to watch you enjoy this celtics team who's seemingly been dominant they're talking about is this the most dominant run in the history of an nba playoffs you guys seem to have all the makings for a championship con man i'm hoping i mean this this has always been the year i mean i feel like when the series started nobody thought that it would be a sweep but obviously if hal burton's playing and people healthy, it is a different story. But at the end of the day, no one gives a shit because the Celtics are in the finals now. The conversation around the face of the NBA and everything like that... Oh yeah. No, because it's Luka now, right? Exactly. There is no... There is no point to have the conversation about Tatum or Jalen Brown. There's no point to have any individual success with the Celtics because at this point, it's much better just being the team that's going to win the championship. How about nobody gives you guys much credit? No, no, no. That's okay. There's nothing wrong with it. If you look at the playoff run that we're on, yes, we've won seven straight games, but people are just going to bitch about the injuries and everything. That's not Joe Mazzulla's fault. And, you know, that's not Joe Mazzullo's fault. That's not Jason Tatum's fault. It's not their fault. The Pacers just shit down their leg at the end of, what, three of the games in this series. So, again, you could say they shit down their leg. You could also make the argument that the Celtics stole it and took it. Yeah, took it. There you go. I like that one a lot more. But, yeah, it should be good. I mean, vibes are very high. We've got 10 days now to rest. Porzingis is going to come back. He could have probably last night. Clearly didn't need him. And at this point in time, it does feel as though Luka Doncic is going to win the face of the NBA title. Way to go. And then the team that might win the NBA title could be the Boston Celtics. But Darius Butler, I don't know, maybe 30 seconds, 30 seconds after the game ended. Doesn't matter. Dallas is going to win this whole thing. And I told him. I was like, yeah, it's everybody but the Celtics until the Celtics win. And that's kind of how it's been the whole time. It is great to be here now. I mean, I feel bad for all Pacers fans, even though they all suck and they all are the most annoying fans in the entire country. I think anybody that watches you, I mean, people are saying that you are the most obnoxious human to ever be inside of Gamebridge Fieldhouse. People are saying, wow, it's kind of tough to be in the same suite as this guy. That's what people were saying. And then all of a sudden, talk smashes a Jack Daniels bottle off the ground. Not off his head, off the ground, obviously. If it was off his head, at least some of it would be caught on his shoulders. Instead, it was splattered across the ground. I'm telling you, these Fairfield stags do not get in the same area as these people. Now, Conor was very passionate. Very, very passionate. And I think downtown, with the people he hangs out with, he potentially hears some things about the Pacers and the Celtics and maybe gets them a little riled up or whatever. Ripped up. But I think everybody that he was around on this particular evening was like, wow, buddy, you're at a much different level of this whole thing than we are. But I do think it is because nobody gives them any credit, it feels like. Not only, obviously, I guess with the people he hangs out with downtown Indianapolis, but nationally, there is no conversation about Tatum or Jalen Brown. The conversation is, which one of these guys is better? Hey, which one of these guys is going to let the team down? Who's more important here? Is it Brown, Tatum, Drew Holiday? Derek White? Who's the most important piece of this entire thing? It's like, hey, Brown's the guy. Don't know how to say this. Brown is the guy for the Celtics. This is the person that just watched them sweep the Indiana Patriots. And then Tatum can turn it like that if he wants to. That whole team is phenomenal. He's phenomenal. He's unbelievable. Jason Tatum. He's, I think, one of very few people, I think five maybe, to lead his team in points, rebounds, and assists. Like 30, 10, 6. But when you watch the game, to your point, I agree with you. Like he won the – Jalen Brown won the – he's the conference final player of the series, the Larry Bird Trophy. And he deserved it. It was like game when they were down, you know, eight points, nine points, whatever, he would kind of take those. Playing dirty, smacking T.J. McConnell in the mouth. He did smack the shit out of T.J. McConnell. Glad he's all right. But, I mean. First, he got kicked in the face by your guy, too. And that was not a, that was a clear kick in the face. Guy was trying to do like a gently roundhouse kick. Pass the sports. Austin Rivers mentioned that. He'll be joining us in six minutes. Can't wait to hear what he has to say. Great series. I think people have given Celtics the credit. I think coming into this season, look, they are expected to not only go to the finals, but win it. Then they get to the playoffs, and it's a cakewalk. Jimmy Butler's hurt. The Knicks are hurt. Halliburton's hurt. Is that their fault? Is that their fault? No, that's not their fault. But they're going to walk into these finals. And, yes, I did pick Dallas, even though they haven't clinched their series yet. Okay, well, 3-0, everybody assumes that's going to happen. But, hey, you never know. You never know. That's why they play the games. Amen. That's why they play the games. But the Celtics team sure and coach Carla I love the way they built this team it took a few years you know they were not good just a few years back then he said we build around Halliburton we bring in a T.J. McConnell Jalen Brown came out and said afterwards like yeah he's a dog I'm actually a big fan of T.J. McConnell whenever I said to people turn into Michael Jordan in the playoffs. I was talking about T.J. McConnell, who I talk to a lot. I smacked him in the mouth. Sorry. He's going to have to deal with it in the entire thing. But that team, the mindset here in Indiana, I think everybody is like, I don't think the Pacers were supposed to make the Eastern Conference finalists this year. So Indiana's actually pretty like, all right, we got swept 10 seconds in that first game. I think we all probably knew what was about to happen. Then Tyrese gets hurt. We're there. But it is like the Celtics. Everybody else's expectations all season has been, you make it to the finals or not. Like, you guys don't win. You're pissed, right? Oh, yeah, no doubt about it. And you guys haven't even been able to enjoy it at all because, like, whenever you're talking how everybody talked about the Celtics all year though remember the east was cropped too yeah east was cropped west was good this is just as somebody that zoomed out version of watching uh the NBA league it's like the east is crap don't even worry about the east other than the Celtics but we're not going to talk about that because that's boring because they're going to make it to the finals anyways and then they move into actual conversation about who's the face of the league who's the best in the playoffs who's this and they're leaving out the team that is supposed to just make it to the finals. I could see why mass holes were in full mass hole effect around the Celtics team. But with the way Luka and Kyrie are doing their thing over there in Dallas, and I'm not saying Minnesota doesn't have a chance. It's only 3-0. That's right. Hey, last year, Celtics down 3-0. Fourth game, 7. Bingo. Yeah. I don't think it's ever happened. I don't think. No, they went on to lose. But, no, there's never been that comeback. Yeah, because I was looking at stats as the Pacers. Yeah, I thought so. And everybody was just presenting these stats. They were like, yep, you're dead. Yep, it's over. Yeah, that's how this goes. If those games were only like four minutes less, like they'd be up 3-1. We snipe off 11 seconds off that one. And the Pacers are up 1-0 in Boston. And then, cool, we lose the second one. Sweet. We split up in Boston. And then we got double-digit leads in the last two games. And then Celtics were able to handle it. Celtics don't blink. They come back and make massive plays. I mean, it was – that place was a buzzsaw, too, on Saturday night. Yes, it play. I think Indianapolis was alive and well. And congrats to the Celtics. Hey, good seg. Right where you're supposed to be. That's good seg. Not Celtics. Good seg, you know. We had sports. What's that? That was a good seg, boss. Yeah. Oh, good job, fellas. Bingo. Good work, seg. Good sports media. I love these nerds talking about us. I don't know if you guys saw it. I must have missed it. Well, I didn't read it. I had Nick read it and say, should I hate this guy? Nick said, oh yeah. And then he sent some clips back. You know, I don't fully comprehend why what we do isn't considered journalism. Did you hear the way we just broke down the Fairfield stags watching a Boston Celtics game? Nobody else is doing that. Wait until later. We got a dog and his owner doing tricks out here. What? Excuse me? Christian Scooby. What? Christian Scooby. Scoobs? The Scooby? No. Not do. Not do. Scooby trick dog. Scooby trick. Christian Scooby are going to be out here. Our show is packed today. Austin Rivers will be joining us in about a minute and a half. Joseph Newgarden will be joining us in 27 minutes. He just won the Indy 500 for the second straight year back-to-back. The Indy 500 was delayed five hours. 300,000 people didn't leave. 300,000 people went to that race. I guess they were saying 345,000, the number they kept saying on the race that I was able to watch in Indianapolis because they lift the TV blackout. Shout-out to them for doing that. That was awesome. Yes, it was amazing, especially the race that it was. 300,000 people stayed in the Indianapolis Motor Speedway during a five-hour rain delay, four-and-a-half-hour rain delay. It had lightning, heavy storms. Nobody left. Nobody left the snake pit, which Timmy Trumpet tipped off at 810 in the morning. And then the race lived up to the hype. And Joseph Newgarden is a back-to-back Indy 500 winner. He would be the first person to win it three times if he was to win next year. He's got the biggest purse in the history of the Indy 500, $4.25 million. Because I think he got an extra $440,000 bonus for going back-to-back as well. So congrats to Tennessee's own Joseph Newgarden winning the best race of the weekend by far. Not even close. Not even close. F1 drivers are saying, wow, this sucks. This sucks. The guy who wins says that this sucks. This is the pinnacle. There's all the yachts coming out. Got a boat flying through the yacht. A boat on a loose, potentially taking some people over. And you got got Vanderstopping, basically, look at this boat, turn this corner, coming around, turn one, whoa, take out two humans, no! Now, probably millions of dollars worth of damage, if we had to guess over there. Because the nautical world is not a cheap one, but that could have been horrible. Just the amount of, and then you watch the race, and somehow it's worse than that. Somehow the race was worse. Much worse. Than that, and then the Indy 500 comes on. It's like one of the greatest races of all times. Two lead changes in the final lap that happened at 224, 225 miles an hour or whatever. I mean, it was a fantastic thing. Can I wait to talk to Joseph Newgarden? And then we got Marc Messier about an hour from right now joining us to talk about the Rangers playing tonight. Are they going to take a 3-1 lead over the Florida Pound? Uh-oh. Whoa. How about Trouba, the captain? Yeah. You know, they call him Marc Messier, the captain, because that's what he was for a long time, obviously for the Rangers winning one there. But Trouba, the captain of the Rangers, was seen chicken-winging the jaw. Again. Again, yeah. frowned upon. I thought Moose said the captain's... Yeah, I don't... The stick on the chest with that move. Now, there was a... I forget the ref's name. Peel, maybe? Tim Peel on the internet said, feels like he's exaggerating a little bit. The guy who got hit by... So they hit him with a $5,000 fine for this particular elbow. And although it did not hit clean or what true, but wanted... I think it's the act that made the hockey people all go, what are we doing here? This is what we literally all agreed upon we're not going to do. Captain of the Rangers playoff hockey says, I don't care. Hockey gods don't care either. They come back and they win this game. So elbow, four-minute, $5,000 fine, and the Rangers win in your house. That's tough hockey. Yeah, it's playoff hockey. Foxy said this, and Trubo, yeah, he's done it in the past. He did it to Crosby, but it wasn't right in front of him. That saved the goal potentially. I'm cool with that happening right in front of him. If you're going to save a goal by $1,000, well worth that price. Yeah, Trubo's a dog. Yes, he is. He does not care. And every other hockey person that plays says, whenever you get on the ice, you've got because he's headhunting. Him wearing a C is wild. Yeah. That's a wild thing. Are the Rangers going to win the Stanley Cup? It feels like. Are the New York Rangers? Were the shots in that game like 100 to 30, and I'm not even exaggerating? Yeah, I think it was a 50-some difference. Yeah, it was 104 attempted shots by the Panthers to, I believe, 53 of the Rangers. Yeah. So just an ass beating and Igor Shosturkin is standing on his head, which is what you need to win. But the Rangers have the toughness. Obviously, they have the mood. They can go in home, and what a deflection. Man. What a deflection. There's nothing Bob can do right there. That thing's going east and then turns west real quick. And that's why you got to put pucks on that, boys. Yeah, exactly. And there's not even a single in the front. What are we doing, boys? Are you guys even trying to play? Falling asleep at the wheel? For sure. Took the air out of our sails. For sure. Pat and Chris Cavanaugh, back-to-back national champions with Notre Dame and lacrosse will join us in the third hour at some point. They're traveling, so they don't know exactly when they'll be getting back, but I'm sure the Cavanaugh boys will have it all figured out after going back-to-back. I assume a massive amount of beers were drank last night by the Notre Dame crowd. And as they should, back-to-back national championships. And they did it in dominating fashion. I mean, 15-5 or something like that. It was close in the first quarter. Then they just kind of went on an 8-1 run, I think. And that was all she wrote. And Chris Cavanaugh would go on to become the all-time leader in points scored in a season, breaking his brother's record, Pat Cavanaugh, who did it last year. But Pat Cavanaugh would also break his record from last year in this game as well. And end up, Chris would end up winning by one. So the Cavanaugh right there. In the natty. That's a national championship goal right there. Obviously, that highlight's going to run forever. But That's a national championship goal right there. Obviously, that highlight's going to run forever. But Pat and Chris Cavanaugh were basically the story of the entire playoffs. As we know, they're friends of the program. Pat Cavanaugh, I believe, was on last week. We also FaceTimed him from the suite on Saturday and told him, hey, let's go, boys. We need another one. And he said, I can't really hear you. Thank you, man. Here we go. He was drafted fifth overall? Yes, fifth or sixth to the Cannons. Sixth to the Boston Cannons. A guy who was drafted higher than him and was obviously on the other team that got absolutely demolished in the national championship. I assume the Cavanaugh's toasted to that last night. Lacrosse was alive and well this past weekend, and it was a beautiful scene to see Notre Dame, a team that I coach. I had motivational speeches. I spoke to see Notre Dame. A team that I coach. I have motivational speeches. I spoke to the lads. You had a ring? I think so. Okay, good. I do believe that's what the Cavanaughs and I will be chatting about today is my ring size if they need it. I think I'm putting it on middle finger. Okay. Like that. That's why I always said if I get a national championship ring, it's going right through on the middle. I messed it up in football, but now I'm a lacrosse national champion. I'll tell you what, Chris Cavanaugh's coming back. Here's me coaching the boys. This is how you put a helmet on. This is how you create a boys. We're trying to go back-to-back. We've got to make sure we have good juice, good energy. Chris Cavanaugh was the's how we do this thing. And congrats to them. We'll be chatting with them in the third hour. I'm pumped for it. And congrats to the Boston College women's lacrosse team. Matt Hasselbeck's daughters win the national championship. I believe they lost to the same team last year in the national championship. This year they were down 6- back and winning in a thriller at the end. Lacrosse had a great weekend. Sports were fantastic this week. Speaking of sports, before Austin Rivers is able to join us, I guess there's some technical difficulties. The NFL has some news happening. What? Before we go any further into this particular news bucket, we have to go to last night's Monday Night Raw, where I reported something at the beginning of the J.D. McDonough-Bron Strowman match. This is what I said on Monday Night Raw last night. J.D. McDonough of the Judgment Day taking on the monster of all monsters, Bron Strowman, back in the ring after missing a year of time because of a neck injury. And look at the strength and power now of Strowman. A lot of people look at the size difference and think J.D. has no chance. Mark Davis is 70 years old and is expecting child with a 26-year-old. Anything is possible in this modern world. But with this big son of a bitch back in the ring, J.D.'s been pooping his trousers. And now J.D. Okay, so a lot of what was said there. Sure. Braun Stroman is a big son of a bitch, obviously. So, a lot of what was said there. Sure. Braun Strowman is a big son of a bitch, obviously. You look at the size difference between him and J.D. McDummo. You think to yourself, he's got no shot. So, obviously, it's an easy correlation. You can see how my brain goes. Anything's possible. Yeah. Especially with what I just saw reported all over the internet, all over the place, that Mark Davis was expecting a child with a 26-year-old girlfriend. Turns out, that's not the case. Moments later, after I said that on Monday Night Raw, the lady who was pregnant would put out, Hayden Hopkins is her name, reports of Mark Davis being the father of my child are wildly untrue. I was pictured sitting next to him at a game in 2022 and have endured false rumors of a romantic relationship since. I was just a guest sitting in a young man's box with other friends. These continued media stories are negatively affecting what should be my happiest days. Joey and I are excited to welcome our baby in the fall. Joey and Hayden, I'd like to let you know, I apologize for perpetuating a lie. I understand how happy you guys should be at this moment. Would suck to have a 70-year-old billionaire kind of looming over the entire... So I would like to apologize to Hayden and let the world know, hey, we got to make sure we get these things right. Okay? We're obviously a part of this. My spirit lies in the middle of Braun Strowman, J.D. McDonough match last night. How would you know? Mark Davis is not the father. No. Okay. Okay? But we would like to congratulate Joey and Hayden Hopkins on a beautiful baby coming in this ball. Congrats on doing it. Congrats, guys. Congrats, everybody. It's bullshit. It sucks. You know what you just did there? Some people like to call that journalism. Swing. Me. Cut down to the brass tacks facts. I actually said that on Raw because I knew Joey was going to be watching Monday Night Raw. Big thing. That was just me saying, hey, you need to get ahead of this thing. That's exactly what I was doing. I was just going to get it out there. I wasn't potentially a massive part of the problem that created a story, then tried to end the story like a hero like a lot of journalists. So I guess, yeah, I did do journalism. Good for me. Absolutely. And I don't want to say it's your fault because if you look at the backlash from all this it seems like people have finally reached a tipping point with uh dove climbing so a lot of people basically just now well again yeah there's been a lot of the stuff but this might be seemed to be the tipping point it's kind of like hey this guy is incredibly irresponsible we cannot let this stuff keep happening stop running with stuff he says because then you know we got joey and Hayden Hopkins having to... Think about how happy they are. Are you kidding me? Hey, Joey, Hayden, I'm part of the problem. I'm sorry, but we're going to get better because of it. That's right. Good luck to you, baby. Join us now. He's the man who comes on this show and says dumb shit all the time. Incredibly entertaining and informative, though. Yeah. Austin Rivers Good to see you, Austin. Mark Davis, not a father at the age of 70. Anything to say about that, Austin? No, I got no comment. You guys have done your own research on that one. I'm going to let you have that entire segment. That's all you. No, no parts of that. But if you wanted to dabble, you know, you could give your take on how it all. No, no dabbling for me. I'm going to leave all the dumb shit today for somebody else. I'm not getting in. First off, that intro, I don't even know. I'm at a loss for words. A guy who comes on the air all the time and says dumb shit, are you kidding me, Pat? That's how you think, man. I mean, the percentages-wise would say that that's true. You know, they say in baseball, you bat 300, you're going to Hall of Fame. That's right. You're in here at like 60% hit rate on dumb shit. You know what I mean? I mean, it is. And by dumb shit, I mean good shit. That's what I'm talking about. You know what I mean? I said one line, and it set the world on fire. Due to you guys putting it out there the way you did. Oh, yeah. Wasn't even us. Oh, yeah. And guess what? I've been defending myself ever since. But it's fine. You know what? There's no such thing as bad pub. Well, I guess there is in today's day. But we're good, man. It's all good. They're saying that's actually coming around, too. I mean, there's a lot of conversations happening in the comedy world about that. And if it, you know, nonetheless, Austin, we're thankful you joined our show. You're great here. So let's continue to talk about the basketball here. Now, Celtics just sweeped the Pacers. I don't love it. I don't love it at all. We had Coach Carlisle on after the game one loss in which the final 10 seconds were really when it was given away and then the Celtics were able to pull it off in overtime at home. It felt like that one, after you lose in that particular fashion, was potentially going to be devastating for the boys. Now, Coach Carlisle says, no, we understand that we can beat them. The whole message and narrative is super positive. But when you're in the locker room and you have that type of loss, does it make you question yourselves? Because then two more games in the series, they would have double digit leads and then Celtics will come back. Is there a chance that they got in their heads and they're a young team and they'll learn from this? Or what are your thoughts on why? Was it just Celtics are a better basketball team? Yeah, I think it's a combination of a lot of things. Celtics are the better team. You know what I mean? This is a team that was supposed to be where they're at now. This is a team that if they didn't get to the finals, we would be crucifying on TV every day, right? Indiana is a young team. Their best best players very young who wasn't even able to play in games three and four anyway. You've got to admire the Pacers' effort. They played hard every single game. It's not like these games are just blowouts where the Celtics came in here and just dominated. The Pacers pushed them every single game, even games without Halliburton. They got a lot from guys that people slept on over the years. You know, the Knicks gave away Obi Toppin, and people gave up on T.J. McConnell. Nembhardt, you've got a young guard who was really able to flourish in these playoffs to where now you've got him and Halliburton in the backcourt. Sometimes not everything is based upon winning or not. This was a very successful year for the Pacers. You've got a great coach, Carlisle, who's got a good rapport with this team. You've got a young talent. They who's got a good rapport with this team. You've got a young talent. They'll probably make some moves in the offseason just due to the fact that people are probably going to be a little bit more intrigued to play for the Pacers. But the Celtics were the more superior team. They're supposed to win this series. They're fully healthy, by the way. So it is what it is. Every series that they've played so far, the best player on the opposite team has gone down. It is what it is. Every series that they've played so far, the best player in the opposite team has gone down. Every sport in the playoffs worries about health. You know, it's just a part of the game. Like, that is literally, that's not the Celtics' fault or Joe Mazzulla's fault. He is now the youngest coach to reach a final since Russell in 1966, I think, is what it is, Joe Mazzulla. Why do you think Joe Mazzulla's message has been able to get through and is he a part of them being healthy in the style in which they play because i know that tibbs is getting in some shit and then obviously the way carlisle's teams go is there a chance that that kind of gets in there this late in the year and why do you think missoula's been good well it helps when your team's that loaded uh they're right steven's got a baby let's go brad brad's the indiana guy yeah yeah yeah no brad brad's brad's amazing, and he's done a great job transitioning into that front office role. And he's teed Missoula up. You know, this is a guy that, first off, let's give Brad credit for even having the balls to take someone off the back of the bench. It's not like Missoula was in line to get that job. This is a guy that was sitting behind the bench that Brad Stevens was able to sniff out and understand that he had the basketball knowledge and know-how to be able to take that position. And, you know, again, their team is extremely deep. And this is even without Porzingis. They won that series without Porzingis, giving him all the time in the world to rest. He's probably going to be available for the finals. You know, their best player didn't even win the MVP. I mean, they gave it to Jalen Brown. Yeah, that just tells you how good this team is. You know, there's, so, man, the way Dallas is playing, this is going to be crazy. Well, that's not over yet, Austin. Leading journalism now, speaking of that, they're only up 3-0. Well, they're up 3-0, Pat. No one's ever came back from 3-0 bro yeah i know that i looked into that when the pacers went down to you that's when i was like well here we go here's the kind of story has already been told seemingly a thousand times before but let's talk about the inevitable seemingly from everybody with a basketball brain go ahead con man yeah awesome how huge is it now that the celtics are back that they are the team with the most finals experience obviously Kyrie has been there but how big is that for the Celtics as a team and then also to what you just said about Tatum being the best player that's obviously a conversation right now does that really matter like dude is there any conversation inside a locker room like hey Jalen's our best player or hey Tatum's our best player need those no yeah that's just all outside fodder, and this is just a team looking to achieve things as a team, not individual success. Yeah, listen, Tatum's the best player on that team. I think Jalen Brown would be the first person to tell you that, but Jalen Brown's a very good player, you know what I mean? So it's not unlikely for a guy like that to get hot and play really well in four games. Jalen's always seen the second best defender. The best defender is always guarding Jason Tatum. So it just happens, matchups. By the way, if they win the finals, I promise you, Jason Tatum will get that finals MVP trophy. Legacy stuff here, man. Yeah, so I think they're teeing that up. They gave Jalen Brown this conference finals, and if they win, I think they're teeing that up. They gave Jalen Brown this conference finals, and if they win, I think Tatum gets that other one. The standard for them is to win. Them getting to the finals and if they lose is still considered a bad year. Boston, they only count the banners. They've been to five conference championships. This is their second time going to the finals. This is a thing where they have to win. And what other year is it set up for them to win? Every single playoff series that they've got into this year, the key player in the other team has gotten hurt. This is the year for them to grab that ring. Otherwise, OKC is going to get better. Minnesota is going to get better. Indiana is going to get better. New York is going to be healthy next year. All these teams are getting better. Minnesota's going to get it better. Indiana's going to get better. New York's going to be healthy next year. All these teams are getting better. This is a perfect year for Boston to take advantage of this and run the show. But they've got their hands full, man. Dallas is rolling right now. Let's talk about Dallas. D-Bud has a question for you. Yeah, just speaking of obviously Kyrie and Luka and them getting together, them being so ball dominant, a lot of people didn't see that really working from the onset. But obviously Kyrie, his leadership and everything he's done off the court. I know a lot of people in the media talking heads had a lot of shit to say about Kyrie. How do players kind of feel about Kyrie? And how have they felt about him throughout his whole, I guess, journey throughout the league and obviously where he's going now? For players, Kyrie's always been, you know, what's that saying? Your favorite player's favorite player. You know, every Hooper in the league loves Ky and we all love watching him. He's like a league past must watch, right? He's probably first place in that regard. He's the most skilled basketball player I've ever played against. He's the most skilled basketball player I've ever played with. Just from a talent level, I've never seen anybody like him. But more impressively, what he's been able to do with this locker room as a leader, we haven't seen Kai in this role. On the teams that he's had success at, the leader was LeBron James, and then we also saw him not do so well in Boston as a leading role. That's why this is going to be really interesting, him going back to Boston, by the way. But he's changed the entire narrative about him and has forced a lot of people to apologize. But, you know, I think the frustration from a lot of people all along is this is why we were frustrated in the first place is because how great of a player he is. We wanted to see him on the court. We wanted to see him play. So when he had all this stuff going on on it did frustrate a lot of people the media and a lot of people turned him off instead of kind of just giving him the benefit of the doubt now here he is in dallas making it work with luca they didn't make the playoffs last year everybody wrote them off they come back this year he's got some type of spirit about him i don't know every time you see kai he's smiling he's happy it looks like he's enjoying work him Him and Luka are, like, coexisting. I can't do this. I'm telling you. You talk about what he went through and he wasn't on the court. It's like we know somebody else that is similar. Is his name starting with an A? Outside the box thinkers. Two A's, actually. Two A's. You know, I know we're hearing now how he feels about how it all went. Yeah, bingo. I wonder how Kyrie is at a point where he's like, if there's humans listening right now that don't know anybody that was very much against the vaccination situation a couple years back. Now, granted, I was vaccinated while talking to Aaron Rodgers, and I was getting cooked in seven different languages because of how Aaron felt about the entire thing. Now, here we are years later. They all feel vindicated. Like, that might be a part of Kyrie's entire vibes as well. You know what I mean? They are empowered. They feel. There's definitely some regrets about just willingly putting the needle. We all just took it. We all took that and just didn't ask questions. We trusted. We trusted the process. We made it. We all made it. We lost a lot of great people, but we all made it. Fair enough. We beat COVID it. So we beat COVID. Yeah. Right? What's up, everybody? We beat COVID. Now, there's people that did it differently. And the way they were doing it, they were certainly taking it on the shins pretty heavily. And boy, that might be a part of it legitimately. And I do wonder if he does ayahuasca, because you're right. He's doing that would, old Kyrie, you think would hold a little grudge against, you know. Yeah, no, he's like all like very wise, and he's talking with such poise, and he's smiling. He's got like a chili pepper earring hanging down on the left side. Oh, yeah. There's just something about him. I don't know what it is. I love it. Yeah, we do. I love seeing him happy and playing as well. I mean, my God, he's such a talent. Well, he's not alone over there in Dallas. Go ahead, Tone. Yeah, Austin, let's talk about his running mate. And you mentioned him a little bit. Big dog. Yeah. When the game is on the line, Luka is taking the shot. In game two and then the passion after it like luca we saw we saw it for the rudy poor rudy i mean full blender here pal welcome to smoothie king yeah that's that's happening i mean could you this is this is just mcdaniel's nose as he's backing up yeah yeah that that was the clip right there was jayden knowing like shit i mean he had something like six moves. I'm going this way. And all it is is crossover between the legs. It seems like so basic. But if you do it the way he does it, I assume he's open every time. That's why he's been able to move at seemingly slow motion since the beginning of his career and still create space. And then let him know that, hey, you can't guard me, motherfucker, immediately afterwards. It's like, this guy is awesome to watch, has been, but nobody thought he'd be able to win it all, right? Isn't that kind of like the knock his entire time? Can he win? Can he win? Can he win with how ball-dominant he is? And now he's a guy where he's playing his best ball almost? It's crazy because, remember, they went to that conference finals a couple years ago and everybody was like all over Luca like this is the guy he's the best you know young player in the league and then he had a couple weird years after that where his team didn't have success he has he's made first team all NBA every year he's played after his rookie years it's just been incredible uh but uh his team wasn't having success so people are like is it too much Luca does he have the ball too much in his hands is it too much of a ball dominate he doesn't play defense he doesn't do these things and we've seen luca change a lot of these habits i don't know what that is i don't know if that's the emergence of him and kai's relationship and then becoming leaders uh i don't know if he's heard that talk and gotten sick of it i i don't know what's prompted him to take that step in terms of just effort on the defensive side but we've seen those changes happen. And we've seen him and Kyrie be able to have a rapport to where they don't get each other's way. It's not a U-turn versus my turn. It's like us together. They flow together. They've had great role play from other guys because they've, they've trust and passed to their teammates, PJ Washington, Derek Jones, Gafford, all these guys have like come into the mix. And now we're seeing this team. I mean, look at that left-hand floater. It's just ridiculous. They've just really found a groove. I mean, look at this dude, man. Just turn, fade away, 6'5", 6'6". He's about like 235, just hitting you in the post. Kyrie, I mean, look at these shots they're hitting, man. These are tough shots, bro. I don't know any other duo in the league that can just hit those consistently, and then they both can pass. They are the most exciting duo in basketball right now, but they're going against the most successful duo. They're going against Brown and Tatum. These guys have been to this dance a couple times already. They've won the conference finals. They've gone to the finals. This is why I love this setup. You've got two duos battling out, I think, for the best duo in the league. You've got Kyrie and Luka going against the two best perimeter defenders in the league, Drew Holiday and Derek White. I mean, in terms of a guard showdown, this is about as best case scenario as it gets. And we have the drama of the Kyrie Boston return. We can highlight all these things and stir something up here. Yeah, and also, when Tatum gets going, he's a sideshow to watch. Yes. Because he's so big. And, like, the things he does is phenomenal. We watch it up close and personal. I would watch him warm up, and I'm like, that's an avatar. That is. He's so big. I don't think people fully comprehend that. So he gets going. Lucas must see with a ball. Kyrie must see with a ball. Kyrie's must see with a ball in his hands. It's like, okay, all of a sudden the NBA Finals, yeah, Tatum's going bananas. Peyton Pritchard's in there, hey. Oh yeah, Peyton Pritchard hanging around. Hey, so you guys just did milk, you guys just say milk check in the middle of games and like, yeah, TJ, you got Peyton Pritchard, whenever he, you guys just sit over there Is that just standard rules of operating procedure in the NBA now? Sometimes it's just like size and simple as that, Pat. Don't do that. Like size and what else? Like size and position. Listen, I was a minority in my workplace for a long time. You're not anymore. You're not anymore. We live in Indiana, Austin. we live in indiana i know you you got you got all your boys around you but you you got the one brother in the corner hold it down bro hold it down watch your mouth what are you talking about we don't see that watch your mouth yeah what are you even talking about i don't even know what that means but uh listen i'm half i'm half black man i'm switzerland i i can say anything up here you can't you can't defeat me i'm half white half black they don't know what i am people think i'm puerto rican when i walk around florida i got the curly hair they don't know what i am i did hear the puerto rican thing on here yeah i did read that a couple different times it was whenever they say i look like andrew tate they don't know what i am they said is walmart andrew tate i I did see the Andrew Tate conversation as well. They said, is Walmart Andrew Tate? I saw it because when he called me NASCAR Ellen. Walmart. Jesus. Oh, great. Walmart's a great store. Watch your mouth. Walmart's a great store, Bob. I just said I love Walmart. I'm defending Walmart. Are you kidding me? I love a little sponsor. Amen. Amen. Hey, what they do with those prices. Oh sponsor uh what amen amen hey what they do with those prices oh my god rollback oh my god best in the business the best ever you can get in there well after seeing you after seeing you with your your dude wife shirt i would love to have like a little walmart shirt up here where's my sponsor well see that would be business that you would have to do austin and uh you know i don't know yeah okay yeah all right yeah let's uh let's move along here with something you said that obviously stirred the entire world up is the, I can take 30 guys from the NBA and play in the NFL. You can't do that with any of those guys. You're just talking shit. And obviously it goes crazy. Did you see Luka and Travis Kelsey dab each other up this weekend? Did you see that? It was a good, I love how we're coming together. I love how we're coming together. I didn't want to spark a wedge. I didn't want to get a wedge between us. There's enough love and respect between both groups. Incredible athleticism. We don't need to be attacking each other enough. People attack athletes, but great conversation for a good week. I mean, great. But Travis is a big son of a bitch, and, like, Luka is a massive dude. Huge. I mean, that is, like— That's our point guards, Pat. Yeah, we didn't even think about it. Luka could figure out how to play tackle, I would assume. Oh, wow. You know what I mean? Yeah. I didn't even think. Luka focused on being a left tackle. Look how big. Travis is a big dude. He could easily figure out how to play. I'm almost coming to your side more and more. I love it. I love it. And listen, is it 30? I don't know. It could be 5. It could be 10. It could be 15. I don't really know. I just know we have some guys I think could be serviceable. I don't think they would be Travis Kelsey or like Randy Moss. I just think we have a couple guys in there that maybe with proper training you could throw in the end zone maybe. They mean, I saw what T.J. McConnell just did. And T.J. McConnell, between the years, you know, he comes from a Hall of Fame basketball coach. He's his father. So that's a whole different level in this entire thing. High school basketball coach, you know, he's been in the weeds of hoops his whole life. But it's like we can figure out some corners who can go lockdown and do their thing. And that's why the conversation was such a good one that's why we appreciate you that's why we appreciate you just lock you guys down okay keep going no problems at all these guys put elbows and backs i mean they're pesty uh-huh you know they're talking and the confidence never lost no ever they'll put up a shot they won't hit anything guess what next time down they're getting a logo that thing's coming up. And that's the mentality you need to be in the NBA. Corners would be able to get over there, I think. I think personally would be our best bet. Cooper DeShene, obviously, he gets in there and he just dunks over everybody. But it was a beautiful conversation. Now, let's get back to the conversation of a series that is still taking place even though you've already deemed it over because you can't wait to get to the nba finals this minnesota team was all the hype this was all the hype everything ty has a question for you yeah austin when you look at that series disappointing going into it everyone's talking about you know ant-man being hey the next michael jordan face of the league etc etc and i know how incredibly well carl anthony towns has shot this year but and Ant hasn't played great either but it seems like he's just deferring to Carl Anthony Towns like why haven't they changed anything I mean you're letting the guy go 4 of 40 from three and kind of just being like well one of these games you know he'll hit he'll hit 50% of the threes he's taken that hasn't happened like obviously it's it's pretty much over now but like why haven't they made any adjustments to how they've been playing up until this point they've kind of just let carl anthony towns shoot them out of games you know it's it's so strange due to the fact that matchup wise i thought this team had the advantage with their size you look at rudy gobert carl towns nazri the only big that dallas even has is Gafford. So I thought from a size standpoint, Carl would be able to get whatever he wanted off him. His jump shot wasn't falling. I don't understand why we can't get him in the paint. I would like Ant attacking more in the paint. They have struggled guarding the pick and roll. I mean, Luke and Kyrie are picking this team apart in the pick and roll. It's rough to watch. And then on offense, I don't know what happened to Ant's energy. I don't know if it's from guarding Kyrie. He just looks exhausted in a lot of these games. You know, I thought they were deeper. They're bigger. They play... Statistically, they're the best defensive team in the league up until this series, where Dallas was not that. They haven't been a good defensive team all season long. And now it's like the roles have just flipped. They're finding ways to pick on Rudy, which is weird because he's our defensive player of the year, and that's not a guy you're supposed to be picking on. There's just a lot of dynamics to this series that I don't really understand. I had this series going Minnesota, six, seven games. And here we are, three games to zero. And Dallas is just really cruising by, outbeating this team, outworking this team. Luka and Kyrie are tearing them up. It's been weird to watch. I don't have an answer to that. I wish I did. And Dallas is at home. In Texas hockey, Dallas Stars also rolling. It's like Dallas is at home. In Texas hockey, Dallas Stars also rolling. It's like Dallas is alive right now. Kind of a buzzsaw. Excited to see them keep it going. We appreciate the hell out of you, Austin. Great work today, Austin. Hell yeah, Austin. Drama-free day. I love it. Every once in a while, we just need to have some good, healthy conversation, Pat. I don't like the intro, but we'll work on that. We'll Yeah, we will. We certainly will work on that. Yeah, we as in that crew there, not me. I can't do the intro for myself. I think the intro's great. I don't really know what... You said I say a lot of bullshit. Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb shit. Dumb shit, and then right after dumb shit, my face appears on your screen. Kind of blurry there. It's not a good intro. Yeah, but it's kind of blurry because like wait your camera's too good you're like it no well that's because that's because i'm calling on a zoom that's because i'm calling on the face only one with that problem only one with that problem join us now ladies and gentlemen he's a man who's a back-to-back Indy 500 winner. First time in 22 years. Only the 11th person in the history of the Indy 500 to win back-to-back. If he goes on to win next year, he'll be the first one ever to win three straight Indy 500s. The greatest spectacle in racing. Obviously, the greatest racing on earth. Ladies and gentlemen, our champion, Joseph Newkirk. Yay! Joseph! How are you? great to be here good to see you pat hey great to see you congratulations what a win what hey what a win that was awesome i saw you afterwards obviously get out of the car hop into the crowd the boys are going to ask about that we'll dive into a new tradition that you're starting after you win indy 500s in a bit but like the entire day the rain, four and a half hours, 300,000 people staying, the start, the finish. Afterwards, you say, yeah, that's how you want to win it. Like, how do you feel right now? Is the adrenaline dumped off, or are you still riding high, Joe? Can you imagine that? You know, there's so much to talk about on this event. You're a great Indiana man, Pat. You're a great sportsman. And you know what this race is all about in this city. It's a huge deal. I was shocked. We had a thunderstorm rolling, ripping through the city here, midday, right when this race is supposed to go. And 340,000 people just toughed it out. And they just stuck around until we're four hours later, we're going to run this thing. I couldn't believe it, but I think it speaks volumes to what the Indianapolis 500 is and what it means to this community, the significance of the race. It was really cool. I thought we were going to be running on Monday. I'm glad we got it in. And then it ended up being, I got to think arguably one of the best Indy 500s we've ever had. I mean, the final part of this race was absolutely crazy. It was flat out. There wasn't any yellows. I mean, we were just fighting tooth and nail to the finish. And, you know, timing just worked out for us. There's a lot of ways it could have gone. But I'm just super glad it went our way. Yeah, there was a tweet, I think, that put out like where the F1 racers started and where they remained throughout the entire race. And then where the IndyCar started. And in the IndyCar, it looks like just a child, basically, drawing all over the place. Like, yeah, 20th was in 11th, and then, yeah, here it is, right here. This is literally F1. It's like, well, here's where I started, here's where I finished. This is the pinnacle. This is Monaco. And then let's look at the Indy500 that was delayed four and a half hours at speeds that are like 10% faster than what they're doing at the F1, 225, 230 miles an hour. It was like, it was what felt like you guys were all more aggressive. Is that accurate to say this year, the Indy 500 was more aggressive or why do you think that was the case? I think it was the rain delay. You know, it was odd. Everybody was like pent up. They were ready to do this, you know, this moment. And that's, what's the weird thing about this race. You're here for basically three weeks prepping for this one day, this one moment where you got to get it right. And you've spent all this time and energy and you put your heart and soul into it. And so I think everybody was like heightened, ready to go. And then we just pulled back with the storm and then, you know, we weren't even sure if we were going to run. And then it was like oh you know everything's clear everybody get back into the stand so i think everybody was just a little antsy to get racing and it was kind of nuts in the beginning like people were wrecking like crazy there was all sorts of yellows and once we got past halfway yeah turn one was nasty everybody was getting into it there so but once we get past halfway then it it settled in and you could see all right now now it's go time for everybody felt like a lot of racers i knew uh felt like a lot of very talented drivers and let's go into the final lap here so like let's go dude white flag you and pato battling up at the front he takes the lead and then you you set him up for the move that you wanted to do or how did we get to the pass on the third turn that is going to be remembered forever in the history books of the indy 500 all right right, so how do I explain this? I always want to use a football analogy for some reason with you, but the, you know, you know what it's like? It's like you're in the fourth quarter and it's a super close game and you're like trying to manage the clock and you're like, you don't want to pull the punch first. You know, you don't want to score first and give it, give him giving the back the opportunity and it's like potto when he passed me on the front straight away it's like he gave me the ball back with less than 30 seconds tom brady gets the ball back but patrick mahomes gets the ball back with like a minute left in the game up they're up four or something like that you know what's going to take place that's kind of what happened that's what it felt like and there's look there's no guarantees you're going to get it right like you can't fault potto like he made his move at his time that he thought was right And I was just trying to I was trying to strike back and I said coming off turn two I said I cannot wait till turn four I'm gonna get a run here off the two and whatever type of run I get whether it's good or bad I'm sticking with it. He chose the inside. I said I'll take the outside. No problem I don't know if this is gonna work But look we're either gonna win another race or we're going to end up in the wall. And I think at the Indy 500, that's almost how you have to approach it if you really want to win this thing. Yeah, you're going 223 miles an hour there around a bend that's like this, right next to a wall. Obviously, we've seen what could happen in the past. Yeah, the mindset and the mentality is absolutely absurd. Did you know your car had enough? Did you feel like your car had enough all day to get a Oh, definitely. You know, this, I mean, for us at Team Penske, I mean, genuinely, this was a dream Indy 500 month. You know, we locked out the front row. I know Scotty Mack was there talking to you guys a week ago after qualifying. It's unheard of in today's day and age that everybody is too close. You know, 20, 30 years ago, the separation on the field was much higher. You could build faster cars than your competitors and you could lock out the front row. Nowadays, there's so much parity, so much information flow that it's near impossible to do that with three cars in the same team. So I knew we had a race winning car. It doesn't guarantee a victory. It doesn't matter if you should win the race. It doesn't mean you're going to. So it just all fell our way, but we were definitely prepared this month. I was super proud to be a part of this team. As you should be. Ratings were through the roof. Congratulations to you all. I think the delay helped with ratings. I think the story kept getting told louder and louder on here. Still delay. Here's a video of kids racing in the middle of the rain. Kyle Larson, is he going to be able to make it to Charlotte? It's like the story kept building throughout the day, and I think it helped with the ratings and obviously taking out the blackout here in Indianapolis was nice for anybody that was doing daddy daycare and this entire thing Penske has been in 50 Indy 500 team Penske they've won 20 of them pretty good damn pretty good clip you obviously you're back to back if you win next you'll be the first ever to do three times in a row F1 fan there is a question for you yeah the monocle races sucked uh that helped as well but once you made that pass on paddle uh did you is there like something with the driving when he this position he's in like dealing with dirty air once you make that pass what is that does that mess up the engine that mess up the speed what's the effect on him and being a second at that point yeah it's a great question that's exactly why it worked out because basically when i passed him into turn three i cleared him at a perfect time like i basically cleared him at the apex, which is the center of the corner. And as soon as I – you see, once I clear him and I start to come down, he gets an immediate disturbance of air, and that just washed him out. You see all the momentum he lost? So he lost momentum at the exact wrong time. And then I knew in the short shoot before coming to the final. So you laid the banana on purpose right there? You laid the banana on purpose? In Mario Kart terms, that's exactly what happened. It was like the perfect time. Wow. Joe, you're a stud. Yeah. All this is going on at 200-plus miles an hour while you've lost. How much weight during this race do you know? This one wasn't bad. It wasn't hot. You know, if it This one wasn't bad. It wasn't hot. If it's a hot day, physical, you'll lose like seven, eight pounds. I probably didn't lose much that day, maybe only a pound. Okay, so you're sitting down, though. How long are you strapped in there for a race? How long was that? I don't know. Indy 500 is only two and a half, three hours, 500 miles. It's our longest show. So then you get out, and then you go through the cage like you did last year, and then you hop over this fence. Now, obviously, it's tough to get out. That's a tight hole. Boys are jacked. Boys are jacked. Yeah, we fucking did it, dude. Yeah, we did. Hell yeah. And then I assume you made a deal with yourself that if you win again, you're going to do it again. Same exit, more smooth this time. You're hop over this fence, right? right check out check out this hop this is right out of a race car i mean what's going through your head here and uh what are they saying to you can you hear them with the helmet on and everything i mean i i it turns scary very quickly when you get into this crowd because there's a lot of pressure that starts to build around you and i just for me i'm thinking i need to get out of this as quickly as possible but it's the coolest coolest. You know, there's nothing. I mean, I know you know, Pat, you've been there. There's nothing like this crowd. You got 340,000 people in one area. It's pretty nuts. Very electric. And I will say, the beginning of that, I hope people understood what happened. We were like sports figures together. I was shoving my crew. I didn't mean it in a bad way. I was just so happy. I was like, I wanted to throw all these guys everywhere. It was so much fun. Nobody took it that way. You just won the Indy 500 again. The entire team obviously does a lot of work. You going into the crowd is a nice tip of the cap to everybody. And also, there's a new – hey, all right, now that's where I cracked me there. I got to say, a fan checked me. Oh, there's a Pato fan. Say, you son of a bitch. Laying that banana. Now, we got about a minute and a half here before a hard out as we watch you celebrate. And obviously, Penske had some drama throughout this entire process. So, big time get back. There's a new tradition happening in Indy. Go ahead, Con Man. Yeah, Joseph, does this one feel more special because of the fact that the Indy 500 is now giving out sweet, sweet blue jackets to the winners of the Indy 500? And also, do you have two of them now, or do they just give you the one from last year now? Which the Masters does. Yeah, which, yeah, you only get one green jacket in Augusta, which is stupid. Whoa. That's a great question. This is a brand new tradition. This literally just happened. It was super cool. You see all the live winners of the race. They were there just a couple days before the event. We all got our jackets. We all had a photo on the yard of bricks with the BorgWarner trophy. I think you only check this out. It was so cool. I mean, tip of the cap to Roger Penske. You wanted to do this, and I think it's fitting for what this event is. It's over 100 years old. It's a very significant event. I think you only get the one, but you get it updated. So they have your specific win photos lined in the jacket. It's got your name. It's super nice embroidery. So it was very cool to be able to rock that jacket. Hopefully they'll put your kid kissing the bricks alongside you and your bride. It was a beautiful day. Congrats again, Joe. We appreciate the time. Thank you, guys. Take care. Hey, you could race an F1, right? Absolutely. Any of us could. We would rock it. Justin Hubbard. Thank you, buddy. All right, we'll be back with Hour 2. A.J. Hawk will join us, so will Mark Messier and Christian Scooby. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice that might change their life. Take three! Three! March today on 18 carries. First and 10, Roethlisberger. Oh, it's picked off! That is A.J. Hawk coming the other way, protecting the ball. And down he goes! The big defensive play by A.J. Hawk, their linebacker. Out of 10. The big defensive play by A.J. Hawk, their linebacker. Out of ten. Flacco under pressure. A.J. Hawk with his third sack today. And we've seen a couple times during the course of the... Flacco down the seam for Heath. Intercepted by A.J. Hawk. Down at the 41. Fleco intercepted on back-to-back plays. Second and 13, Walker to throw. And he goes down. AJ Hawk, his second sack of the season. And again, the Green Bay Packers are so close. Throw on first down. They're going to dump it off to Peterson over the middle and Hawk makes a tackle. Ball comes loose. Ball is loose. No signal. And the Packers have it. It's A.J. Hawk that knocks. They don't get home with the pass. Batted into the air and down to the turf. Incomplete. A.J. Hawk came close. Here he is right here. A.J. Hawk. And he's coming in. And then as soon as he sees he's not going to be able to get there, he gets his hands up, and he almost was able to get... Off the play fake. Freeman rolling. And he is hit by A.J. Hawk. And that time he didn't get rid of the ball. He was near the sideline, could have thrown it away. A.J. Hawk took him down for the sack. Well, you can't take a loss like that. That is absolutely a rookie mistake. I mean, you break contain, and you get outside of the pot. The bottom of the screen, they go four by one. Favre almost gets sacked, gets it away, and then has it intercepted at the 40-yard line by A.J. Hawk. And Hawk out of bounds at the 40. Hawke. And Hawke out of bounds at the 40. And Favre comes up gimpy. Charlie Pepper has done well, but he was there at third safety. Look out. And look at that. It gets batted. It's taken by Clay Matthews. With Woodson escorting him. And Matthews is going to go all the way. Boys all night. I think this is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this 100 Days Till Football Tuesday, May 28, 2024, our show, the program starts now. Hell yeah! Hell yeah is right. Life is great. Hope you had a fantastic Memorial Day. Hour 2 kicks off here with a saying that needs to be said more often, but it can only be said on one particular day. There's 100 days to NFL football. Come on. Let's remember that. The Chiefs and the Ravens, 100 days from now, will be kicking off an NFL season that's going to be better than any NFL season that has ever happened in its history. But until then, we're in the middle of potential sweeping in the Eastern and Western Conference finals of the NBAs. The Eastern Conference and Western Conference finals of the NHL is heating up. Racing is at an all-time high. There's people chasing cheese in Europe. There's Americans chasing cheese in Europe down hills. NC State girl wins the cheese cup over in England. Obviously, we saw the documentary on this particular action before. There was a woman who was going on to be the greatest hill cheese chaser of all time, but she came out and said that she was on an immense amount of drugs while doing it. Her face is getting pummeled by the hill. Her ankles are being twisted. Her knees are getting torn up to do what? To chase the cheese and win for the United States of America. Congratulations. I show speed. Also, ran in the men's cheese chase down that particular hill. He ended up in fourth place. I don't know. See, the thing is to catch a cheese. Can you catch a cheese? He who catches the cheese is the winner of the cheese race, you see. And I show speed, decided to participate in this body-damaging, brutalizing trip down a hill in England. We're talking broken legs, concussions, arms, you name it. People getting fucked up on this hill. I Show Speed ended up in fourth place. We're proud of you, pal. Now, an Aussie wanted Aussie, Aussie, Aussie, Aussie. Oi, oi, oi. Aussie, Aussie, Aussie. Oi, oi, oi. Aussie. Oi, oi, oi. Aussie, Aussie, Aussie. Oi, oi, oi. Congrats to him. What a win. What a win. America takes the women's one and Aussie takes the men's one. I show Speed top five finish. That's for something we need to celebrate about and the nc state girl gets a dub for all of us that's awesome that's what you celebrate you know a long extended weekend as we honor the heroes of the past who helped create the country that we live in right now in this memorial day celebration now the talk state was here at boston corner at ty schmidt one after the hammer cowboys tone digits here and nine-year nfl vet big florida panthers fan who are currently down 2-1. Uh-oh. There's Jay Baller. You're down bad. Now that I think about it, the Panthers are down. G1's down. No, G1's up. Another race. Max Verstappen didn't win, so that's a win for the Spurs. What race you said? Did you say race? Another race. I don't know if that's the proper Charles Leclerc. How did you see the line? They all finished where they started. It's not a race. It's a cruise through Monaco. Vanderstappen wanted his pillow during the race. Last week, same time this time. It was more like a parade, wasn't it? I told you guys. It was. The race is going to be. You want to pass? No. We're going to walk around Monaco. That's what it pass it was just a parade like a band you just walk a single file around this around the city which is beautiful yeah they got tiny little roads they're so beautiful they got tight real turns how beautiful oh yeah so the cars you got the size of you modern day. Monaco's back in time. But that's the pinnacle of G1, brother. Motor sport. Qualifying was great. And Leclerc got his first win at hometown. He got his first win in Monaco. Enough of this shit, dude. Enough of this. You just got to come over. You move on to the next race. G1's done. The Panthers are done. But life is Because we're alive. We need to remember that. And if you're an IndyCar fan or new to it, I think what they got going on in Iowa is about to be insane. Two days back-to-back, the Hy-Vee something. I saw a commercial for it. They got Luke Combs, Post Malone, Kelsey Ballerina. Oh, shit. And Ballerini. Jesus. It's on me. Is it a superstar? I've heard ballerina a lot more than I've heard ballerina. I do apologize. Quick corrections. Journalism right there. Italian. You remember. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, joining us live from Manatee, Ohio. The NASCAR IndyCar season is going to continue. It's really good. It will continue to be exactly like when you saw it. More super speedways because that's all I watch. Big ovals. They don't run enough big ovals. They got a lot of street courses. And they actually passed each other though. Iowa is an oval as well. Okay, good. But I think they'll probably do street one day and then oval the next. I would assume so. I would assume so. I don't know though. It's good race time. It's good race time. And you'll get into it obviously just like you did the Indy 500. Joining us live from Manatee,, and a man who's the current president of Ohio, A.J. Hall. Yay! A.J., did you catch any of the racing that happened on Sunday? Yeah, you know, I got to hear you guys kind of debate G1 versus IndyCar. I mean, we know the Indy 500, it absolutely delivered. Now, I came in with somewhat low expectations, I'm not going to lie. And with all the buildup, with the delay and everything, I've got to give them credit, man. Also, like Joseph Newgarden, they should be trotting this guy out everywhere. He seems to be a great spokesman for the sport. And this whole, how this race ended, yeah, I guess this is why you watch IndyCar, right? Because you want to see stuff like this happen. Bingo. Fastest speeds of that are racing either, and they have action taking place. There was actually, I think, Joseph Newgarden last year. You know how they go deep down in there? That's so that nobody can slingshot, engage, get any drafting behind it. He almost ran somebody into a wall, I think, last year. Cut off in front of a wall as he went on to win. So they actually banned that rule. So this move coming down in here couldn't go as far as he won a year ago but still the fact remains wins back-to-back Indy 500s he's going to go down you know forever and if he wins another one in a row which would be absurd first time ever in the history of the Indy 500 but you're right the fact of the matter is he's a handsome dude he has a great personality and uh he's a dog behind the wheel and he's with the team that I think has it figured out pretty good now that Penske team was the team that was getting attacked just a few weeks ago. I think he got a win taken away, didn't he? Yeah, Scott also talked about it as well. I mean, in the Penske team, Roger Penske owns the Indianapolis Motor Speedway now. He bought it from the Holman family, Holman George family, I do believe. Sold it, he owns it. So he's a massive piece of the entire story. So for so for his team to go on like a revenge tour after everybody said oh you guys gotta cheat to win and then win and clean sleep it's like we got a good story going on about a potential dynasty taking place in indycar all of a sudden i uh did you hear because i i heard about this morning that the show and more specifically ty schmidt made an appearance at the snake pit uh oh yeah what so uh at the snake pit uh we ended up going to the Indy 500. Snake Pit is turn three. Yeah, Snake Pit's like turn three, basically like a festival. Like you just mentioned it, Iowa, Luke Combs, all those guys. They do that at the 500, but just with DJs. And it's a huge set, the whole thing. Timmy Trumpets, who we listen to every morning, was kicking it off at 8 o'clock. So obviously we said, you know what, we'll stop by Timmy Trumpets and then we'll leave. As we're leaving Timmy Trumpets, I forget who the next DJ is. DJ leads his set off with a clip of Ty saying the Indy 500 sucks. I'm not kidding. We turn around. Your face is on the massive screen talking about the Indy 500. Then you hear Ty come through the background saying that it sucks. And then this guy immediately just goes, fuck that! The Indy 500 is the best event of the year! And everyone starts going nuts. I had no idea. Basically in Ty Schmidt's face. I completely forgot to tell the story again. What a performance on you. I was going to say, you know what? You're welcome. Because guess what? You don't get to have that moment if I don't ever say that. So I'm glad I could help start his set and get however many people in the snake pit up and pumping. They showed local news. They showed a sky cam of snake pit. It was like 738, whatever it was. It was just a sea of humans. It was just a sea of humans. It was just a sea of humans out there. It's like there's nothing like it. People are rolling in there 6 a.m. They fire a cannon, and it's like, all right, gates are open. And you've got people, cars, humans, bodies getting carried in from the night before. I mean, it is. Is it like Dega? Is it like Dega? People taking their clothes off and dancing all over the place? Was that Talladega? For like three, four days, though, because they're staying in the – there's a Coke lot that's right next to it. Shenanigans. And they're like living there. A Coke like Coca-Cola? Yes, not cocaine. It is not a cocaine lot. That's illegal. Probably find some there. You can make some for four days. It might help if you're staying there. I don't know how much they're sleeping, but nowadays cocaine is too much. You can't do it, kids. Don't do it. You don't know what's in there. I actually gave a speech to somebody this weekend. I forget who it was. We were chit-chatting about the old days, and I was like, yeah, back in the old days, we were like, kids, don't do drugs, you know, because it's not good yeah but it's like a different it's just a vastly different time so let's assume that the coke lot is only drinking coca-colas and beers that's all that's all you know like which every human needs to be doing but yeah as soon as that cannon goes off these people just they like rise up from the dead and then it's just like pilgrimage into the snake pit pretty much. And then Timmy Trump, it's job is to wake them up. And then they're going from then until 445 start of the race. You know. No chance. Back to the 8500. I was talking to a guy. I guess DJ's play. Yeah, go ahead. I was talking to a guy who was part of running the security there. And they were super worried about the rain because the rain stops the race. The rain does not stop the snake pit. So, like, oh, everyone from the stands is going to now just try to go into the snake pit? Real issues. I mean, Trumpets ended his set by smashing, like, a one-liter bottle of Grey Goose off his head. Phenomenal. One of the greatest things I've ever seen in my life. One of the greatest things I've ever seen in my life. One of the cleanest. Right over his skull. So is a gimmick bottle. Maybe, but I mean, Trumpets. Trumpets. No. What if he knocks himself out cold? Dude, Trumpets is stacked. He's on this guy's shoulders. It was phenomenal. What a show. What a time. Anyways, that's the Indy 500. It's once a year. Okay, that's the Indy 500. It's once a year. Next year, we'll remember that we need to talk about it more going into it, maybe. That's nice. We're the same amount. I don't know. Yeah, I feel like we covered it pretty good. Yeah, we did. Absolutely. It's like two and a half days beforehand. Yeah. Now afterwards. Have the top pole sitter come in. We did have McGee. McGee was a Kyle Larson all day Sunday, and obviously Kyle Larson isn't thrilled with how his entire day went, but, I mean, weather's going to get you. There's nothing you can do about it. He's going to try to get an extra. We'll see if the NASCAR folks allow him. I think that is kind of a part of the thing that I watch because he did the Indy 500, but he missed the only racing that was a NASCAR because of a rain delay and then a cancellation. But what isn't a shit show is that the New York Rangers are up 2-1 over the Florida Panthers. Big game tonight. Joining us is not only a Rangers legend, but obviously a hockey icon. The captain, ladies and gentlemen, Mark Messier. Yeah, Moose. Good to see you. Good to see everybody. It sounds like I've got to get to the snake pit. Moose, have you ever been to the Indy 500? I have never been to the Indy 500. And as Moose, have you ever been to the Indy 500? I have never been to the Indy 500. As you know, I played for Indianapolis Racers when I was 17 years old and went back in the WHA, so I know Indianapolis. What year was that for the WHA? That was the last year. It was 78, 79. I told you before, I think, but I'm the youngest player to ever fold two franchises at 17 years old, the Cincinnati Stingers and the Indianapolis Racers. That was just by happenstance. Obviously, it was not because of you. But 1978, if you were to look up photos of the snake pit from then, what was happening in turn three, if your 17-year-old Marc Messier would have wandered in there, I don't know if you have the hockey career that you have. So I'm thankful that you've never been over there. I fell into a few snake pits over my career. Moose, that feels like a part of the hockey culture. Is that an accurate thing? I think the hockey culture does like to have a good time. Are the guys modern day still doing that, you think? Well, I think they probably are, and I think it's all part of it. I think, you know, you look at when we're 17, 18, 19, 20 years old, playing a professional sport, traveling around the world, of course we're going to have a good time. And if you're not having a good time, there's something wrong. You know, you're doing something that you love. You're traveling, you're exploring new cities, seeing the world. It was an amazing time, and the players should be having a good time. But at the same time, making sure that they're committed and ready to play the best of their ability. Yeah, you've got to keep the main thing the main thing, for sure. I think everybody has kind of heard that quote, which is very real. And people should take that into life, too, not just sports. Like, hey, you've got to make sure that the thing that's making sure everything else is happening maintains you know and then we can get into the ancillary nobody did that better than wayne gretzky his focus was uh unparalleled in uh in sport certainly uh when we're younger i mean we're eight days apart wayne's focus was so far ahead of mine at an early age he was thinking about what he was going to do from game to game and how many goals and assists he was going to score and how we goals and assists using the score and how we're going to win the game and I was thinking about where we're going to go after the game hey you need both of those yeah you need both of those on a team and obviously you getting you getting to learn from Wayno obviously goes on to propel you to the incredible career that you had but I heard a story and I mean I guess since we're in the vein of having good times and stuff like that. Now, I have a story where in my life I took shrooms in college, and it changed my perspective on how I was going to focus on football that night. It actually did. Force shoot, it happened. My college roommates were there. It was in the college house. Had great, deep conversations with them. Saw things differently. I don't want to say enlightened, but it did flip a switch for me, and I stuck with it. The next day I woke up all the way through, and I think without it, and obviously I made a lot of mistakes post then, without it I don't think that I have the mindset to go on to be who I am. I heard there's a similar story about you. Is that accurate and true? It is true. You know, as an athlete, we spend probably 95% or 99% of our time on our bodies. And back then, not a lot on our minds. It gave me the ability to look at a bigger picture, a vastness that is out there. As you know, we're only utilizing a small portion of the power that we have in our brains. And I was thinking that if I'm going to spend 95% working out of the gym, how can I become a better player? How can I understand the game better? How can I become a better pro? And by using my mind better, be tougher mentally. And to your point, I think enlightenment is a good word for it. It gave me a better perspective. It gave me some humility. perspective it gave me some humility and um and it just just it just it just gave me a better perspective of the whole experience that i was in in the professional sports uh it made me focus more um and probably more than anything the all the possibilities that were out there um it was it it worked for me um and um it was something that I don't regret. And wow, what an experience, to your point. Yeah, and we won't, it's not for everybody, obviously. Nothing in this world is for everybody. But for me, I had just, I mean, I had the worst performance of my life at the biggest, most inopportune time. And I had a lot of people telling me that I shouldn't exist. And there was moments where I was like, yeah, I feel the same way. Was there something that happened with you? When did you end up doing it? This was back on a trip to Barbados back in the early 80s. I was, I like to travel. I like to experience new things, different cultures, different spiritualities, different religions, traveling the world doing it. This was an opportunity that came about, I didn't know much about it, to be honest with you, I was only 18 or 19 years old at the time. But the perspective that it gave me that I never wanted to get beat in the mental game. I wanted to become ironclad in that regard. This gave me an opportunity to think that my mind, I could expand my mind. I could become more understanding, more humility, more gratitude to the people that are around me. And maybe a better leader, actually, in some regards later on in my career because of it as well. So what did you guys do? Did you guys grind it up, put it in peanut butter? Did you put it on peanut butter sandwiches? What did you do? Well, if we want to get it, if we want to get in the granular level, no, we went out and actually picked them out of the field, took them home and boiled, boiled some tea. Oh, tea. OK, we did the tea. Wow some tea oh tea okay we did the tea all right wow i thought you just went straight shit yeah unbelievable those things those things do not taste great obviously but uh for some people you know well the fact is and of course it wasn't measured and uh obviously we overindulged and uh so that was a whole nother experience yeah yeah just like the friend that makes you the weed brownies how much is in this oh it should be about 10 milligrams okay uh perfect oh that was 75 mile an hour fastball right yeah oh i'm in the couch okay sweet thanks bud now i gotta relive my entire life go ahead aj hey thank you for sharing that moose go ahead i do appreciate that now getting onto the ice now with the rangers i'm curious about overtime and why the rangers have been successful in overtime how does the game change especially in the playoffs? We know how much is on the line. What have the Rangers done, I guess, when it matters the most? These guys seem to step up. They do, and I think it starts in goal. I think they've got so much confidence in their goaltender that they're not worried about making a mistake, and when they do make a mistake, he's there to cover it up. So I think it really does start in goal with shisterkin uh not only for in overtime but for their overall game they uh the rangers are a high octane offense they obviously have a tremendous power play they got uh they're good off the rush uh they got some dynamic players uh and when you give them open ice they can take advantage of it uh going into overtime uh you can't be afraid uh of the moment you can't play with fear of losing. You have to be on your toes. You got to be over your stick, as we say, and take the game to the opponent if possible. And I think the Rangers have some game breakers. You know, you think about the guys that put up big numbers during the regular season, but what's incredible about the playoffs, and I say this all the time, is that anybody on the team at any moment can become a hero. And we're looking at a guy like Goudreau this year that, you know, as a Stanley Cup winner, a character guy, does all the little things so well during the regular season. Doesn't get a lot of notice from it because, you know, he's not putting up big numbers. But I tell you what, you put that guy in the playoffs, his habits are unreal. Everything he does, he's always on the right side of the puck. He can play him in any situation. He's tough. He's character. He sticks up for his teammates. And sure enough, he's coming to the playoffs now. He's got more goals in the playoffs already than he did all year. It just goes to show you what kind of player can be so effective in the playoffs and of course last game winberg scoring a big goal um they got a lot of guys that can get to the middle and and as we've seen most of the goals that are scored are right in front of the net and that's where those uh last games the overtime goal was scored with the deflection in front yeah but moose you guys got to see on a sweater who's chicken winging jaws whoa you got guys chicken-winging Jaws, Moose. We got, you know, I know he got fined $5,000, and Florida Panthers skipper said if we could pass around a hat to collect some money so that he can eat and feed his family after the $5,000 fine for this. It became a four-minute, I believe, penalty here, and there's obviously a lot of different takes on this. This is just true bohockey? Like, this is just who he is? Even, like, with the C on his chest, is there a difference? Like, do you view it differently? Or what are your thoughts on this play and then his play as a whole for the New York Rangers? Well, he only got called for two minutes for elbowing on this play. The other infraction was, I can't remember exactly what it was. But look, i think jacob truba is a hard-nosed hockey player he's a throw back from the back in the 60s 70s uh when the game was his toughest um he's a guy that when he's on when you're on the ice you have half to keep your head up um he's um uh he's a punishing player um but more importantly than that um he's an incredible leader and i don't know if you guys know jacob or got to know jacob at any time over your time on the air and all that but very conscientious guy very smart guy uh got uh awarded the captaincy of the new york rangers and and took up the heart he uh he did a lot of reading he He did a lot of speaking to people in the leadership community. And, you know, the Rangers have gone on to have a historic season this year. And it doesn't happen without great leadership, in my opinion. And, of course, he's got help in the leadership aspect. But someone has to take the charge in the leadership dress room. And Jacob has done that that in my opinion. Now, I think he did get lucky in that play that he didn't make direct contact with the head. It would have been a different story. All this gets reviewed. The NHL reviews it. The people in Toronto review it. They deemed it was not a major penalty. We can debate all day long whether it was or wasn't it was a dirty check um and if he would have made direct contact my guess is it probably would have been a different outcome but um i would tell jacob myself don't stop playing the way you play uh he's he's effective the way he plays the game and he gets the other team's attention for sure yeah certainly uh remember he was the one that uh swan dived into the boards yes gets carolina yeah yeah almost cut that guy's head off yeah and i believe moose came in and said hey don't change the way you know if he hits there different story but yeah pk said the same exact thing it's kind of he uh jacob truda also or truba also the winner of the Mark Messier Leadership Award this year. There you go. That'll be it, Moose. That'll be it, Moose. You know, captainship, you got to do what you got to do. Now, let's talk about that game, though. Tone has a question for you about a stat. Yeah, Moose. Every single game I've ever been to, all the crowd says is, you know, shoot the puck. Puck pucks on net uh the panthers had 108 shot attempts uh in that game against the rangers who had 44 is there a difference between pucks on net versus good pucks on net and how do you kind of toe that line as far as as when to shoot the puck well that's a great question and i saw paul maurice being uh interviewed this morning about that and he said himself that he would have liked to have seen them hold the puck a little bit longer and create better openings um it sometimes it's very hard to get even the puck you think it's easy to get a shot on net but uh players are taught to get in shooting lanes and and i don't know how many blocks shot blocks uh were uh total in in the whole entire game but i imagine there's a lot a lot of those shot attempts miss the net as well because the guys are in the lanes but uh it's a different philosophy from team to team to player to player um i know um nowadays they like to get the goalie moving east to west so they hang on to it and wait for that extra teams wait for an extra or better opportunity uh to get the goalie out of position uh carolina was a high shot attempt team They like to get a lot of rubber out the net. So it really kind of gets down to a certain philosophy that you think of in the way you want to play the game. But I think that was a lot of shot attempts. If you watch the game, the Panthers dominated the Rangers for long periods, and that's why the shot attempts were so high. They could, they locked there. They, they hemmed the Rangers into their own zone for minutes at a time. And the Rangers, in my opinion, they, they got lucky to win that game. Shuster can played the kind of game that you would want your goaltender to play at that particular time. And you're not going to play great every game for two months. You are going to have some games where you don't have your legs or you make mistakes. But when that happens, you want to have your goaltender bail you out. And he certainly did in game three. Yeah, he was stopping a lot of rubber, wasn't he? He was a lot of rubber on net. A lot of rubber on net. It's got to be good rubber on net, it sounds like. Well, yeah. I mean, some teams just like tossing a lot of rubber to the net. Some teams just like dumping rubber. It's a good move. They just dump rubber on the net, don't they? They do all the time. These teams dump in rubber. Have to. How about a guy who's really good with the rubber? You know what I mean? He almost burns Moose, what's going on here in the Oilers-Panthers series? Do we think the Oilers are cooked, or is there always a chance? Stars. What's that? I think the Stars are a tremendous hockey team. They're probably one of the better teams that are playing in the National Hockey League throughout the playoffs so far. They've got a lot of depth. They've got a great blend of youth and experience and veteran guys. And they're getting a lot of mileage out of their young guys. And I think that, and then on top of that, they got a goaltender that's world-class. And they're unbelievably well-coached. They're so patient the way they play. They never get rattled in the game. We saw last night they get down 2-0 in the game. And they saw last night they get down to nothing in the game and they just kept playing their game methodically start to take the game away from the Oilers and they are a tremendous tremendous team right now they skate well but I think most importantly they got some obviously some great young talent and some great veterans leadership with Jamie Benn and and Joe Pavelski but I think the way they play the game as a as a team all in all three zones the way they play the game as a team in all three zones, the way they forecheck, they're very tight to the neutral zone. They got one of the most dynamic defensemen in Miro Hyskinen, an incredible skater. He's able to match the speed of Connor McDavid at times on the ice with like no other defenseman can in the league, maybe Makar. So they got a lot going for them. This is going to be a tough series for the Oilers. The Oilers are playing well in the first three games, but that was a tough one for them to lose last night when they got up 2-0 and then lost the lead. Yeah, and the thing about it is McDavid has a lot of pressure on him. Literally has a lot of pressure on him, which Ty, leads to a question for Ty. Yeah, Moose, when it comes to McDavid and the Oilers, the kind of narrative all season was, hey, McDavid's got to win one this year. With how good he is and how everyone talks about he's the face of the NHL, he's the best player in hockey. And with all that, you know, kind of weight on his shoulders. Do you agree with that narrative? Do you think this is their best chance to win this year? Also, is it one of those things where he might not take as much of the heat because in these games where they lose, it's pretty obvious that they don't have that kind of top-end goaltending that you do need to win a Stanley Cup? Well, there's no excuses in the end, and nobody really cares about the excuses of why he didn't win. You know, Connor's going into his ninth year, I think, if I'm not mistaken. And I think every player, obviously, is going to be judged on whether they win a Stanley Cup. You look at the Super Bowl quarterbacks, they're in a different conversation than every other quarterback that plays in or that played in the league. They have the quarterbacks club because of it. And and I think if you look at all the great players that have played the game and put up incredible numbers individually, statistically, statistically, the one thing that some of them never had the opportunity to win a Stanley Cup. The one thing that some of them never had the opportunity to do is win a Stanley Cup. And I think for Connor, my guess is that he's at the point of his career now where nothing else matters. Unfortunately, in our sport, in most sports, especially in hockey, because, you know, the best player can only be on the ice less than half, almost maybe, maybe, maybe a little less than 40, 40 percent of the time of the game. So they don't they can't have as big an impact individually on the game as some other sports. So you're really at the mercy of the people around you. The dedication on and off the ice winning isn't doesn't happen by accident. It's a it's a it's a way of life. It's a journey. It's a process to learn how to win. And you have to do it collectively as a team. One individual can't want to need to win and want to win and then have four or five guys on the team that don't want it as much. Everybody on the team has to want it just as bad. And I think to your point and to your question, I think from my perspective, this is Edmonton's best chance since Conor's been there. He's surrounded with a little more depth than he has in the past. The defense is a little bit better, bigger, stronger than it has in the past. And they're counting on Skinner to make the saves. And so far, look, there's four teams left out of 32. So they're doing something right. And they have an opportunity to go to the Stanley Cup Finals, and if they do, they're going to earn it against a very strong Dallas Stars team. No, there's four teams left, but only one team wins. Everybody else needs to blow it up. That's right. Start it over. I don't know if that's how hockey is, but it is every other sport. Moose, we appreciate the hell out of you for joining us man always great talking to you guys thanks for having me on hey that game seven right we got a doc coming oh yeah oh yeah in october yeah we uh we bought all the rights to game seven and all the uh trademarks and branding so we're doing a docuseries with amazon uh that will be uh uh with connor shell who did last dance and uh words and pictures and we're so excited about it and of course the 94 rangers are one of those and Words and Pictures, and we're so excited about it. And, of course, the 94 Rangers are one of those, and Cubs Indians and a few others. It's going to be an amazing docuseries. Hey, we can't wait to watch it. Can't wait to watch it. Ladies and gentlemen, Marc Messier. Yeah. That's good physics getting the Game 7 patent in time. Oh, yeah. Very. I don't know how. Oh, yeah. Very. I don't know how. That had to be a pretty. Can't be cheap. Hefty. Oh, yeah. You just get all of them? How's that up, I wonder? Yeah. How is that available? Well, Terrence Howard got his taken from him, right? His patents. I think he. He released them. That's different. No, I don't know. He released them for Terrence Howard was like, there's going to be a seven coming soon. Because there's no straight number. And then what is game five then if it's a seven game? Oh, it's game seven. So if we go from the sixth dimension, game seven is the new game five in just a matter of time. And then he was born. Okay. And then he was born. And then he was born? Yeah, you're right. He was making that decision in Then he was born. Then he was born? Yeah, you're right. He was making that decision. Way, way. In the womb. Yeah, when he was in the palace. How about him saying that? Nuts. And I believe him. I don't know if that's crazy, but I believe him. I'm right there with you, Connor. Yeah, me too. You wouldn't lie. Sure. Have you seen any physicists? That's his truth. Have any physicists come out and talked about his flower of life that he is? We've got to pretend like we believe other bullshit people say every day. Every day. I'll say this. I don't know if he's right, but I have yet to see a large community of people that would know come out and say, this guy's full of shit. I have no idea. I feel like our algos have been attacked by Terrence Howard. Go ahead. You saw one? I'm just now recalling, allegedly Neil deGrasse Tyson reached out to Terrence Howard a little while back to have him on. Did he say, hey, this is my gimmick? Yeah, to have him on his show. No, he didn't say that. In response, Terrence Harris said, I would love to come on and actually talk about those fuel things that he was building that would get rid of cranes. And he also sent him. Oh, the drones. Yes, the drone. He had an eight sided drone that had no pull, like, you know, we no propulsion. So, like, you know, we see like these UFO videos and they're like they're able to move with no propulsion. There's no there's nothing. There's no engine seemingly pushing it. It seemingly acts with no gravity. It's like the propeller thing that he put together, the drone. It's like, oh, that would be how that would work. And I was like, damn, okay, all of a sudden. And he's got 3D like when HGTV does a house flip and they got a 3D His company is helping build it. But he sent Neil deGrasse Tyson something that was a 36-page report on why one times one actually equals two. And Neil deGrasse Tyson basically responded like, all right, never mind. I don't want you to come. I don't want to talk to you anymore. Oh, he was done with it? Yeah, Neil deGrasse Tyson was like, all right, I'm done with this question. He's like, yeah, we're supposed to question everything, but not everything. There has to be questions that would deal with it. Yeah, that's what it felt like. Why did he land on cranes? Why was he just like, you know what? That's a building blocks the world. We need to change everything that there is humanly possible known about cranes. I need to change it right now. I'm sick of him. Yeah. I can make this so much better, and I'm going to. Think about it. I saw an interview you did on a red carpet. Oh, yeah. Where you just talked about if you knew that everything that everybody's ever been taught about anything was wrong, and you were wasting your life acting for 30 years, how would you be able to sleep at night pretty much the guy interviewing you okay just settle up there sounds good a lot of bold statements i love a question it was uh who are you wearing tonight that was local news yeah he's been trying to tell us for years though man like he's been telling he's been doing this for a long time and i guess rogan's the platform that finally kind of pushed it well terence start looking at sports. Like, how can we get a little tail on the puck again? Yeah. Not too big. Not too – I think, you know, pigs get fed, hogs get slaughtered. The little tail on the puck. He has the patent. The patent probably ran out. He didn't pay the fees. Maybe he has the long tail on the puck that they did. Could be. But we just need a little tail, just a tiny little tail against that bright white ice where people can maybe see where the hell the rubber is. Where is it? That could help some people. It could. You know, because, oh, it's exciting. It's us. Goal. Okay, where was the puck? And then they do a replay. Slow. Whoa. That was pretty sweet. Looking at the wrong spot. That touched six people's sticks. Saw the net move. Just a little tail. Not too big. Just a little tail. He'll figure it out. You know he's got this. Let's talk about some things happening around the NFL. Tom Pelissero says that the NFL PA is proposing a change in the NFL schedule. Basically saying we want a lead-up, ramp ramp up period before training camp as opposed to these OTAs and then these off-season conditioning programs that take place. And then there's like a month and a half off, and then you get right back into training camp full speed like a weekend. Something similar to this took place during COVID, and Aaron Rodgers came on our show during that and was like, that's the best my arm has ever felt. Because during the OTAs, you you're throwing and then you have a month and a half where you kind of take a break naturally but you're getting your own workout in and then you get dropped right into training camp and okay you got three weeks to get back into regular season form with covid because they had to delay some shit and figure some shit out they did an extended ramp up that basically seemingly makes sense scientifically for bodies now there's a lot of ancillary shit that we have to talk about with this particular decision debutt talked about this as soon as it was brought up young guys probably yeah probably in a bad spot here because they don't get around ogs or team until right before training camp that's certainly something that's going to get brought to the table yeah i hate this this this change they're proposing at least and like aaron obviously he's a guy that doesn't necessarily need OTAs, especially being with Green Bay for so long, knows the system inside and out, can pretty much teach the coaches the system. But for most players, and honestly a lot of these young coaches too, like this is the first time a lot of these young guys are around vets. You see how they go about meetings. You see them taking notes. You go through walkthroughs, installs, you have all these different things. And, like, time off is cool, and I feel like, you know, the union, that's always kind of like a tradeoff, oh, we got more time off. But, like, if you're a player, you got a small window to, like, you know, make your money, make your impact on the team, learn plays, and then apply them to the field. So, like, you prioritizing, even in the offseason? You know, your season over in January for half the league, early February, you know, Valentine's Day pretty much for the champs. And you got a couple months off, OTA starting, and you got that month-and-a-half break where you can take another trip or do whatever and then come back into the training camp and be ready. Now I just feel like that longer time off, and now you're showing up a couple weeks before training camp. So now already long season will now be even longer. It's just, I feel like a bad mix. I don't know why it's even been proposed, but people are always trying to figure out things that I don't think necessarily need to be figured out. I was not a part of, bingo, if it's not broke, you don't have to fix it all the time. But I think with that COVID thing, the way they did it. And, AJ, you might know more than me because, obviously, you and Aaron were just hanging out like a week ago, and I assume you guys chat every single day. Was Aaron the norm with how everybody else felt going into season? Like, body felt better than ever, in best shape going into camp? And is that because some guys can't handle the away time to get themselves in shape for camp, so the OTAs are basically serving as like, hey, this is pretty much what you need to do to be in shape for camp do you think that's the case yeah I'm not sure exactly how everybody feels but I know when when people have that extended period time off and you know the the lockout situation and we went to camp right like July 31st August 1st whenever it was bam we all just went straight to camp no real ramp up that was unbelievable everyone actually seemed to love that love that. Like D-Butt said, though, the younger players think I 100% agree. I remember I got drafted and four days later, because Mike McCarthy, it was his first year, we had a full team veteran minicamp, not just a rookie camp. So I'm lining up trying to jam Donald Driver in the slot 15 yards down field and he's yelling at me, hey, this isn't college, you can't do this. So I know, though, just from taking part in that two-day minicamp, being around the dudes, all the guys, already made me a thousand times more comfortable when I came back to work in OTAs with them. Maybe they'll do something. Yeah. Two weeks on, two weeks off. I don't know. Actually, I don't know. This proposal, I wonder if they're just trying to figure out what the answer is for offseason. I haven't heard a lot of people bitching about this offseason, have we? No, not at all. I mean, T. Higgins, Jamar Chase not there in Cincinnati, so that's obviously a big storyline because they would like to have contracts done. And I guess with where the time is right now, with when contracts have to be done by for the regular season, I guess these types of situations do boil in the offseason where guys aren't there at voluntary stuff because they're in the middle of contract disputes or OGs aren't at the voluntary stuff because they have the same offense coordinator. They've been there. They're having a little bit more offseason, but it doesn't sound like anybody's like really bitching right now. It's not hard. You know what I mean? You show up there for a few hours, you work out, you practice, you meet, and then you pretty much have the rest of the day. Now, if your is in a city that sucks and you're away from your home in like phoenix or miami or somewhere like that la that that may suck but on the the work part of it and you're getting used to the different guys like you know i forgot who we had on but they were like yeah every every player is here like every person is in attendance uh you know packers one of the teams that went deep to the playoffs and like that's typically how it is and if you have to miss it's not a big deal like hey my daughter got a graduation or my son got this like i won't be here for a couple days it's pretty cool but uh you know i'm sure they'll figure it out and make it work but with this longer season coming which we all know it is that would really really suck to be you know everything just rolls kind of into one until 18 games yeah having five months off or four and a half months off and then like six and a half or whatever it is great straight would be an interesting guys handling their free time you know gotta be a pro like that's the true test mate you're a pro now it's on you yeah i mean mine was in season so you can imagine how they all yeah i couldn't even but like now with all the rishi rice stuff like it kind of hammers it home even more. It's like, hey, this guy probably should be in Kansas City getting ready, but he's back in Dallas or wherever around a bunch of his boys and getting in trouble constantly. You've got to be a pro. To that point, you've got to be a pro. It's on you. And I would tell all the young guys out there, hey, I'm a firm believer in the buddy system. Get your buddy. I had a buddy every offseason. Me and my guy, Tavon Branch, we would live together, live close to each other, and that was the guy that we were working out. We had our workouts. We had our shit. And, like, if it was a day where I felt like bullshit, he'll hit me. Hey, let's go. We got to go do this and vice versa. So I to have an accountability buddy. You know who hasn't had an accountability buddy in a long time? Angel Hernandez. Retiring from umpiring in Major League Baseball. I guess he has umped his final game. We will never see him behind a plate ever again unless he's working for the Savannah Bananas. So, hell of a run for Angel Hernandez. I'll tell you what, not a single compliment was given to this man whenever his retirement was announced. Normally highlights will be given of people after they retire. After Angel's announcement of his retirement, it was all lowlights. This guy called this strike. He called this strike. Look at this bullshit. Called that one too. A lot of clips of players and managers and even wrestling hall of famers. Mongo McMichael. This guy sucks at his job. It was a tough retirement announcement. I don't think it went how Angel Hernandez could have expected it to go, but baseball is going to miss him, I think, because certainly a topic of conversation whenever the game is getting boring is how ass this guy was at his job time. Yeah, and luckily there's been a couple other guys this year trying to pick up the slack. Been some pretty shitty umpires in the MLB. But I did forget, and it was kind of nice to see. He actually tried to sue the MLB. I can't remember how long ago it was because they weren't picking him to umpire postseason games. And the MLB basically just wheeled in like a TV set and were like, no, this guy just sucks at his job. this guy just sucks at his job. When was that? I want to say like 10 years ago maybe. And he's still doing it. They rolled out, the MLB rolled out a TV and said, this guy can't see a strike for the fucking life of him. Put it out there. And then they get through the court, all right, I'll drop my lawsuit. And they go, okay, cool. You got it. Yeah, you got Sunday night baseball next week. Most important game. We just told them you can't call shit. It's all right. Nobody can. You've been around a long time. You got it. Fascinating move, but congrats to baseball getting better, I think. Yeah, and this is the best part about baseball. They've played about 200 games since we last talked about it. Balls games. Well, of course. And then the next time we talk about baseball is when they're getting rid of their worst manager. This is why baseball is sweet, because the storylines are electric. Yeah, it's everything around baseball. Yeah, it's not the actual timing. If you watch good teams, that's not the case. I watched Paul Skeens for baseball. Has he pitched again since the last time? Do you remember what happened last time he pitched? Oh, yeah, 6-0. Yeah, I think 6-0. Pirates' bullpen gives up six runs. He gets an O decision. They end up losing the game. It was last week. One time it just so happens to happen to our guy. There's a lot going on around the sports world. Notre Dame won back-to-back lacrosse national championship. On trick shots. I'm watching that thing. They're scoring on trick shots it feels like half the time. Yeah, they're do-si-do-na. It's an all-star game for them, the national championship. They win 15-5 over Maryland. The Kavanaugh brothers, Pat and Chris, although the Kavanaugh family is loaded with lacrosse talent, they were the story of the entire playoffs, both of them breaking Notre Dame records one after another. And putting highlights, bang, pow, Top check. We'll talk to Pat and Chris. I want to pass that one to that guy who did the behind the loop-de-do whirlybird top check thing in the middle of the national championship in the next hour. But now to wrap up this beautiful 100 days till NFL football Tuesday, there's only one way to celebrate that we're 100 days away from the NFL kicking off. And that's with halftime performing superstar for 11 years. German Got Talent champion. America's Got Talent finalist. Illinois State grad rolling birds. Christian Scooby. Let's go. Scooby. Scooby. This is Christian here. Hell yeah. He's got four. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't think I know what I signed up for. I didn't know this. Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Is that a waiver? Someone just bought him? Did we know what we... Yeah! That would be like Mike. That was awesome. I Yeah! That would be like Mike! That was awesome. I didn't know that was coming. I thought we saw a dead guy here at the Thunderdome. Where's Scoops? I do feel like we're in America's Got Talent. This is Christian. This guy signed a waiver. I hope so. It was part of the contract. Are we sure that's stable? He's not going to. One arm? Are we sure that's stable? One arm Holy shit. What do you mean a spotter? Well, he's got that sleeve on. I think that's his spotter. And a dog. Ponytails. Oh, switch hands. Whoa, whoa, whoa. No way. 100 days until NFL football. How we celebrate. Yeah. Yeah, make some noise. Oh. Back to the left. Hey, we're back. There you go, Christian. There you go, Christian. That was phenomenal. 100 days to NFL football. What do we got? We got Christian. He built this himself? Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We did not hear a word he said. Don't you think about doing what I'm thinking you're thinking about doing. Careful. Don't you do that, Christian. Those are round balls, Christian. It's Tuesday, Christian. The one block's bigger than the other block, too. The one side's higher than the other side. I wonder if he's got a shoulder issue. Did he get those on the rack? Because those might not be inflated the same either. When I talked to Christian earlier, he was inflating the balls in the back. BY I didn't know what the balls were going to be for. I thought we were shooting them instead. We're bouncing on one of them. No way he's going to switch hands. No, he can't roll. No way. That's what I thought. Don't you even dare. Is this a fan fam? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. Scooby. Scooby. Scoo! Where did Scoob come from? Wow! He's in the box. Hi Scoob. Hey! Hey! How are you? How are you? How are you? I said hello, Christian. Bra breaker. Oh, we're throwing hoops? Chihuahua? I believe it is a Chihuahua. Oh! Oh! Okay! Perfect game! Perfect game for Scoops! Way to go, Scoops! 100 days to NFL football, how you celebrating? Well, a Chihuahua is pitching a perfect game! Oh! Oh my god! Scoops! You... You talented dog! Scoop! Way to Yeah, Scoop. Way to go, Scoopy. You should do this with Chuck. Chuck would be pooping and peeing on it. Look at Scoop. So Scoops was just in that box? Chilling. Chilling. Oh. This is like the old lumberjack. The rolling logs on a lumberjack. This is awesome. Scoopy's on the ass of Christian. No way. Scoob. Careful, Scoob. She's going up onto the forest. Scoob. Scooby. To the sky. Elevator up. Yes. Scooby and Christian. There you go. Like 10 stories in dog height. What's happening? Scoob, be careful up there. Scoob's got a good base on the base. Down to the crack. Up the back. Wow. To the chest. Unbelievable. What a take. What a take. What a take. Way to go, Scoob! He'll be back. I've got to get you out of the ball. Thunderdome floor is not as flat as everybody assumes. It's a real ball. He's an actual basketball. He has to have a lot of air in it. He's just bouncing on one hand. Scoops, you want a ball? No way. Scoops got handles like Kyrie fucking Irving. Oh my god. Scoops! Stop it. Feet like Kelsey Ballerini. No way. No way. No way. No way. Scoops! Scoops! Scoops! Scoob! Scoob! Scoob! Scoob! Scooby! No way! He's gonna jump into the hoop? That would have been... Scoob gets busted. This is a talented couple. Yeah, absolutely. Christian and Scoob have spent a lot of time together to get here. Yeah. We appreciate all the hard work. Once again, you're looking at German Got Talent's champion! America's Got Talent finalist take it to the rack scoops your grill and Edward scoops the most dominant dog underneath a euro step let's go. Get there. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Yeah, we can't really hear you, Christian. The music. That is a dog. Two dogs actually performing in front of us today. The middle one seems to be a bit woobly. Whoa. Ooh. Jesus. Scooby locked out on a plank. Does he do a lot of Pilates? Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah, he does. Scoob, sit down like a little baby Yoda. Wow. He's turning him. Wow! What's Scoob doing? He's in a row. Yeah, he's moving it. He's moving it. It's the wind. The wind is making him move. Oh, it's Scoobs! Scoobs is rowing one thing. Scoobs is the wind. Woo! Scoobs is the wind beneath my wings. Alright Scoobs, get back in your box. No way. No way. Backflip! Oh! Hey! Oh, he's back! Ladies and gentlemen, Chris Shea and Scooby. That was phenomenal. Honestly, we are going to chat with you as soon as we get off ESPN here into YouTube, ESPN Plus, and TikTok, which is still happening. That was phenomenal. Watch. I've got a dog that's still shitting in the house at the age of six. I'm sure. He's got a dog running all over his body doing handstands up on top of the earth while they're spinning around. That is a phenomenal talent. Congrats to you guys. What a relationship between man and man. Amen. Amen. Hell yes, Scooby. All right. Well, no better to wrap up today than that? No. I don't know what's on next. SportsCenter, I think. Good luck. Good luck. Good luck following that. Thanks for you guys. I don't know if enough people knew that that was possible and that that's happening, but these NBA halftime shows are phenomenal. Christian and Scooby are obviously on the road for the last 11 years. We appreciate that. I cannot wait to see here as we go live on YouTube and ESPN+. Hope you had a fantastic weekend. AJ, any message for the people as we send off here as we return tomorrow on a magical Wednesday? Well, I just hope that's Scooby number one and not Scooby two or three if they've been working for 11 years. How dare you? It's a great question. AJ. Have a great day. We'll see you all tomorrow. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Like dude wipes. Goodbye. AJ, no reason. I didn't know how much time we had. You gave me way too much time. I thought I'd be quick. I don't want to ask the question that AJ just brought up. Is there a handheld mic we can get over to Christian? You have to ask. 11 years. Christian, hi. Hey, congratulations. That was awesome. Thank you, guys. So you're a master handstander and dog trainer? Those are like the two skills that you have? Yeah, I guess so. I don't consider the dog training a skill because I feel like it's a lot, just them being super smart and kind of watching them and what they like to do. He's crazy about playing with the plush basketball, so he actually had the idea to put that trick in. I feel like he played with the ball at the house, ran around with it, and I was kind of like, man, he really likes this trick, so how could I make it so he'd play with that trick? And then obviously I thought of the dunking thing, but I mean, he's doing it, so it's pretty great. Yeah, he did a spin-move dunk. Yeah, that was nuts. Well, AJ brought something up there towards the end. 11 years you guys have been doing this? Yeah. Scooby's been the dog the entire time here? No. So there has been Scooby's. This is a good question. I don't know how you asked it, but it seems like a fair question. Yeah. Wow. Very fair. Very fair. But, yeah, so there was the original Scooby, and that kind of started randomly with him when I was 13. So I was like a little kid. Wow. Then I went to college, graduated from college. We did America's Got Talent. And then it was Percy, who is still performing, but then now Milo's up and coming too, and so they rotate shows. Okay. So Milo's the younger one. Oh, that's Milo right there. This one. Oh, that's Milo right there. This is Milo. Oh, so it's Christian and Milo. Well, we keep it Christian and Scooby because like every game that we do, we'll rotate them. So one game, Milo, so Christian and Scooby keep it. It could be all named Scooby, but they each have their own individual personalities. Exactly. Come on, Hawk. That's a name brand. It's like their stage name. Yeah, Blue Magic. yeah blue magic yeah we so whenever you when you see milo better at some things than the other dog like for instance you do any tricks today that you wouldn't do with the other dog correct so that's that's what i mean like i think throughout the years they've each added a little touch and that's why when you say dog trainer i mean technically yes like obviously i you know was the one that trained them my dad was a big help in the beginning my brother's help my wife now sonia has helped so um throughout the years obviously they're helping guide them and giving them the patterns obviously when i'm rolling around and he's walking all over me someone's there to help me um but percy for example is the one that kind of brought in the walking on the basketball trick to transfer scooby the original the og scooby didn't do that trick so when we started doing half times uh i didn't do that trick and then percy kind of was very curious about a basketball i love basketball it was my favorite sport growing up so i always had a basketball dribble around he kept watching it so it kind of popped up the idea like oh let me see if he would do something with it and then obviously now milo does the dunks and percy doesn't do dunks. So throughout the years, I feel like I've learned to listen better to them and their likes and wants. And it's kind of added to the whole act. Always Chihuahuas? Yeah, just to keep it consistent. There was no particular reason when we got the original Scooby. We didn't ever hear that Chihuahuas are good performing animals or anything. He was just like our pet. And so it started with him. And then obviously when we got Percy, just to keep the act consistent, we were like, let's look for another Chihuahua that's tan color. And same thing with Milo. So let's talk about Milo. Milo doesn't get stage fright at all. When did you know Milo was a dog? There you go. Let's go. Yeah, in front of the camera. When did you know? Well Probably about two years in. At first, they've got to get acclimated and comfortable and trust you as their person around the house and little things. But you teach them to sit, to lay down, and things like this. But they each have their quirks. We don't have children yet, but congrats to you. You're newly born. But as well, yeah. I'm always born. Not me. But for me... Mark Davis didn't either. No, not me. davis didn't either no i can't speak to it because we don't have kids yet but i imagine they're like kids where they each have their little different personalities so for example this is a live example milo when we first put him on a basketball court he was a little weirded out like he didn't trust the flooring it was kind of slippery for him so then we started putting a rug and then the rug was key at first i didn't know i was like maybe he's not the performing type maybe it's the lights maybe it's this so we just kept trying to figure out what it was and we're like ah it's the floor and so now we have a rug and now as you can see he's like a little superstar so yeah yeah they're all a little different what if you put a little jays on did i see the other one here is the other one here the other one's here yeah percy percy yeah he's a little older now he's kind of a diva so he's a grumpier milo's friendly like if you want to hold milo milo's friendly or you know milo's super like a people but percy now is in his like frumpy stage that's percy football i got one of those dogs as well i actually named him after percy harvin nice because he was small and quick and so as a kid when he was tiny i was like oh he reminds me of percy harvin you're right in the mouth yeah Yeah, Percy Harvin was a dog. Loved watching him play football. Migrants. Yeah. Very, very bad. He didn't like the lights either. Very bad. How long, for different reasons, you've been doing this 11 years? Yeah, we're doing a halftime show 11 years, but I started performing when I was a little kid. I was five when I started performing. Like family? Yeah, so my mom's out of the family. I'm a fifth generation performer. What's that mean? That means that my mom and three other people, like parents of grandparents. Yeah, circus though? Yeah, circus. Yeah, circus performer. So my family in Mexico had a circus for like 135 plus years. Damn. Sweet. And so then. What are we doing? We're flying? We're doing trapeze. My parents did an aerial act together and then we all kind of threw up. None of them did handstands. So when I was kidding and my dad was trying to teach me handstands, I was like, come on, man. You can't be mad. I can't do it because you didn't do it. Like I was kind of like that was in your art. I was in your skill. But but he obviously had a gimmick. Here's a gimmick we got a handstand gimmick that's gonna make you but you learn a little bit of everything when you grow up in a circus so i could walk a wire i can juggle a little bit so i can do a little bit of everything but then obviously like the thing always goes people run away to join the circus i didn't actually run away but then i kind of ran away from the circus and went to college so i got my state role i went to illinois state university roll birds and i got my degree in broadcast journalism okay so um yeah i watched stewart scott growing up and i wanted to be on sports center or you know be a host or something like that and um and yeah man and then obviously right after college we did america's got talent and had a good run and then i started doing halftime shows and like i said i grew up watching basketball man like mike was like my favorite movie as a kid so um at that point it it was just like, man, like this is rolling right now. Let's just keep it going and see what happens. And 11 years later, like you said, we're still doing halftime shows. We're at the Eastern Conference finals last night. So it's just it's crazy sometimes to think like that. This is what I do. Yeah. You're talking to us. Yeah. We do. But congrats man yeah thank you not easy not easy to get to this uh no matter what i just want to give a quick shout out to red panda because i know she was here last year and she's awesome and do you guys have a community group text i wish i wish no but actually when i saw on your show i did ask a buddy of mine what her number was and i reached out to her because there's people like her that have paved the way for people like me and so we really respect that and so it's pretty cool. How about quick change? They're done. Yeah, I knew them. But actually, I guess it's appropriate. But unfortunately, he passed during COVID. David did. So that's why that act hasn't been around. Okay, yeah, because nobody's been able to give me an answer. They were awesome. Yeah, they were super. I mean, they were top of the charts at their time, too. They too they were up there so you know but red panda is so sweet i met her once at a game we did like i did a court break and she did halftime or something like that we like worked together and she was super sweet and obviously she's done this for so long so we can only wish to get to the amount of time that she's done it so i don't want to i don't want to ask this question to be disrespectful uh most circus type people that get into this uh the halftime show and America's Got Talent and things like that. I watch America's Got Talent religiously. At one point, a dream of mine was to end my career as being a judge for America's Got Talent. Hey, let's go. You take 60, 70 milligrams and you're just watching that just walk out onto a stage with no idea what's coming. What are your thoughts? Sweet. It's like Cirque du Soleil, but like so many different times. But a lot of it is like full, their whole entire lives almost dedicated to this particular act or just something like that. Is the halftime show very similar to that type of? Yeah, the halftime show obviously is harder to get into in the beginning. Obviously, you know, if teams reach out and you get your opportunity, you try to make the most out of it. And, you know, we've been lucky enough to have a lot of great people that bring us back throughout the years. And we're very thankful. But it is with the performing thing. One of the things I will say, like being on a show like the Got Talents, is that it is really difficult for a variety act like us to kind of keep it going. So not to say that, you know, I mean, look, singers have a lot of talent for sure. But if a singer is an opera singer the next week they're not like hey why didn't you rap this week and last week you did opera you know like that's their skill and they sing a different song and people respect that that's their skill but with us obviously if we do a little bit a different handstand trick people might be like oh you did handstands last week and so it kind of becomes like man but this is like i don't think people sometimes you know people may sing in the shower but I don't know that people are doing handstands in their shower. Yeah, nobody. Handstands are potentially a lost art. But that's something that people can't really relate to as much. So, like, it takes, like, a whole year just to learn a regular handstand. And then to learn a one-arm handstand, that takes, like, another year plus. How about on balls? That's easy. Much easier. So things like that Hey, you're a dog, Christian. You're a dog. Is there any other tricks that maybe you didn't do that we can make? Yeah, we can go into other sports. You guys want to see one more? Yes. I've got one more for you. Encore, encore. Here we go. Go, Milo. All right, let me get this prepared. Good job. Okay. All right, we need my wife to bring me the soccer goal. He doesn't like the floor. Get off, get off, get off, get off all my fingies. That was a good dog. Milo can move. I mean, think about how talented Milo is. Oh, my God. So smart. There's never a time where Milo's like, you know what? Stage two, big. I saw someone tweet or... Hey, Air Bud. Should Milo do a good one? All right, here we go. Yes. What's going to happen here? He's going to do his best Lionel Messi impersonation right here. Oh, I like that. He's a lefty? Here we go, buddy. Put the little ropes right here. Good job. Come here. Go, score, go. Go, score, go. Good boy. Good job, buddy. Chuck can do that one. Chuck can do that one. All right. Chuck can do that one. I'm not saying that. Chuck can do that one. Chuck scored a goal this morning. What? Yeah. Now, not on purpose, but nose hit ball. Ball went into goal. Goal was McKenzie's. Ball was also McKenzie's. But he scored a goal, and then he destroyed the ball. Sure. on it. That's parenting. That's how it goes. Hey, that's good. Hey, Milo. Way to go, pal. Way to go, Milo. Thank you. Hey, congratulations to you guys, man. Like I said, I've watched your show for a while and I respect that you guys are yourselves on TV. I love that, man. It's awesome. It's awesome. So thank you. We appreciate hearing that. Let's get to a break. I can't wait to to go pet Milo and say, hey, it's a good boy. That's a good boy. One of the best boys. Percy, too. You think Percy will let you hold him? He said no. He can come say hi to you, but you gotta just let him be the one. He's the one asking the questions. I get it. Respect. His don't now. Alright, we got the Cavanaugh boys fresh off a back-to-back national championship win over Maryland in, where was the game? Philadelphia at the link. Nice. Hell of a game. 15-5. Blowout. We'll see where they are. We'll also wrap up all the other stories that we haven't chatted about. Like, for instance, Mark Davis does not have a woman pregnant right now. Nope. I mean, there's one story that I've been retracting. Nice retracting. Because you were in the building and I missed it. What? I mean, did Liv Morgan and Dom Mysterio have sex on the way back in last night? Like, what the hell happened? What the hell happened, man? That actually blew my mind. She sucked his face. That's what I'm saying. Big old smooch. Yeah, That wasn't just a kiss. Lucky dog. It was dumb. Oh, yeah. For weeks. Yeah. A lot of people would say that. He was in a bad spot because he had fucked up again. Mm-hmm. And that's what this guy does. Yeah. Always. He fucked up his dad, his family, his life, his team, his group, his future. What? That's what Dom Dom does. He's a fuck-up. Boom. And he once again blew it. And he was pouting, you know, about his misery and his mess-up. And then Morgan just eyeballs him. You know, they've been potentially seen talking in the past. She sucked his face. He closed his eyes. He was in a moment. He didn't have his eyes open, did he? He was trying to get her off of. He's got one arm. He's got that bust on. Oh. You know, Rhea Ripley and he obviously have a mommy-dom relationship. Yeah. Rhea Ripley was injured by Liv Morgan. Yeah. I don't like that I miss mommy. Rhea has to give up the title. Now Liv's the champion. Now she's sucking face with Dawn. What's going on? The hell? Judgment day is in shambles, brother. Disarray. Judgment disarray. Boom. Everything they do is wrong. That's right. It's wild. Liv. Raw is crazy right now. Yeah. Raw is crazy. Did you see Braun Breaker? He's trying to break someone in half. That man does not care. No. When they say a human buzzsaw, they're talking about that fucking guy. Yeah. Ilya Dragunov? Yeah. Dragunovsky, yeah. It's Dragunov. Has his arm like this, you know? And he turns. I'm like, is Braun going to be able to square this thing? Yeah. and he turns. I'm like, is Braun going to be able to square this thing? Through arm, through gut, through start, probably break spine. Ilya Dragunov dead. And then Adam Pearce comes out. You can't be doing this. Tell that to Braun. Adam Pearce doesn't get it, I don't think. His world. Pearce is about to find out. Good tie on Pearce last night, though. He's his world. We're just living in it. Pierce is about to find out. Yeah. Good tie on Pierce last night, though. He's in the middle of a lot of shit. Good tie. I appreciate his professionalism, but he needs the pipe down when it comes to Braun Breaker. Great. I'd say. That guy's a superstar. Moving. And Gunther, I mean, he almost fucking attacked me. Yeah? asshole. I watched around that guy. Dude. He's a scary lad. Yeah, he certainly is. I'm talking to Michael Cole, you know, catching up on Saudi Arabia. How was the trip back? Oh, we had a six-hour layover on the ground. Okay, so it was fun. Yeah, it was a blast. Excited to be back here. Yada, yada, yada. I go, how about the show? Great show. I'm a fake king. Gunther's standing right to my right. Oh, man, that's tough. What'd you say? And then Michael Cole, obviously. He just called you a fake king, Gunther. I was like, I did not. That's not what happened. I was saying people. I was just talking. I was trying to catch up. Yeah, just letting you know what the people are saying. Instead, I almost end up as a resident in Chop City. That city fucking sucks. Owen Gunter's the mayor. Anyways, a lot happened last night in Savannah, Georgia. You know, Savannah, Georgia has the third largest container port in the United States. Really? Third? Savannah, Georgia? Third largest container port in the United States. What does that mean? These containers are coming and going, baby. And then once you get into Savannah, it's known as the city of hospitality. Flourishing right now. That one takes care of you. Okay, it was to me. Beautiful bridge. Takes you right to South Carolina. Nice. Only about 140, 150 degrees. Okay. It's a little cool. No humidity, right? I think actually there's two options. You go no humidity in some places, and then you can go all humidity. And I think that's on it was somebody just sent it to the all humidity No crowd was live. No that was good. It was a nice night in Savannah shot the Desmond my driver I got might be the fucking mayor. That sounds like you should be Scott's a tour guy I did not expect to get as much information driving you around drive me around this guy great moxie great moxie You know normally as soon as I get off the plane, especially when it's battling a little turbulence and I get bumped up out of a seat Yeah when it's battling a little turbulence and I get bumped up out of a seat yeah because there's a storm coming at the time. I had some turbulence on my flight too. I don't like real ones yeah this is real one like out of a seat. You should probably put that seat butt on. I'm like yeah of course I should put a seat butt on. Get off you know and all of a sudden you're like leaving. Holy shit I should have put my seat butt on. Yeah I should have put my seatbelt on there. So I get down. I want to kiss the ground like I'm the Pope. Boy, oh boy. Pope's doing interviews. Yeah, same thing. Pope's like, what Harrison Bucker say? Hold on. I raise you. No way. He certainly did. Oh, yeah. Anyways, I kiss the ground when I get there. I'm sitting in the back of Desmond's car. We're in Savannah. It's 1,000 degrees. I'm sick. And all of a sudden, Desmond, welcome to Savannah. I'm like, thank you so much. Did you know? Starts telling me about Savannah. I'm like, I did not know. I was not prepared for this information. But he was so damn cool. I had to listen. Need to come back. Three, four days. Okay. Oh, okay. Are we going on Friday? You'll do that. We'll find a time. We'll find a time. City of hospitality. The food's phenomenal. Food's phenomenal. I bet. After Raw last night, Desmond actually wanted to get me to a restaurant so I could experience Savannah a little bit. Oh, okay. I was very thankful. Southern hospitality. So nice Great St. Paddy's Day there, they said. Yeah, best in the country, they said. Yeah. Allegedly. Can't be by our Pittsburgh. Or Boston. No, it's too far south. They don't get it. But that might be why it is better. Nah, I mean, I... Chicago dies the river. Yeah, Chicago's got a big... They're too far west. They don't get it either. If river is your big thing, come on. There's a sweet spot for St. Paddy's Day. It's not west and it's not south. It's where all the Irish fucks are. Yeah, exactly. It's right over there. But Savannah, allegedly good. And after I drove through last night, March, maybe not like insufferable. True. When it comes to the weather. Good point. It is probably really nice. Especially the city is beautiful. Good views. All right, let's get the fuck out of here. Hour three on the other side with the Cavanaugh boys. And I can't wait to see what we learn here from Christian and not Scooby, Milo. And then even from... Percy. Oh, jeez. Percy and tell a friend something nice that might change their life? What's up with this guy? Good question. I bet he's got a dump. Five! Five! Bree, did you know you would be good in front office? Did you know that this was going to be something you would succeed at? I didn't know I'd be good at it. I didn't even know I'd be doing it. It's an interesting story as to how I ended up here. I ask myself that often. Way back when I was a kid, I did love the NFL draft. My dad used to pull me out of school. Out of half day, he'd come pick me up at lunch. We'd go watch the draft. So I loved that. Throughout my career, I'd piss my wife off by not only watching round one through three, but then watching round seven. And I'm filling out sheets. And I think the thing that probably piqued my interest, I was living in Denver. After I got done playing there, I'd become friendly with Elway. We played some golf together, and he looked out for me. We had the same high school coach. We went to Stanford, played football, baseball. Same fraternity. That was like the poster on my wall. But Elway took the leap at the Broncos. And in his first year, he said, Johnny, I'm keeping a lot of the scouts, but I don't know them. I love the way you think about football. Could you watch the safeties this year and write some reports? And so I did that for him. Remember, it was the year of like Mark Barron and Harrison Smith. And I took a lot of pride and I had no idea how scouts did things, but I just watched it like I would watch film. And I sat there at the computer and wrote some reports. And Elway was blown away with like the detail. If I'm gonna do something, I'm gonna He says, that was awesome, Johnny. Why don't you do the DBs? So I did the entire DBs. I added the corners. The next year, he invites me in for their draft process. It was a lot of work. It was a lot of time. I went to Indy. I went to the Combine with the Broncos that year. So that started piquing my interest. Long after that, there was a guy who ended up bidding for the Carolina Panthers. And team. Tepper got it. But there was another gentleman by the name of Ben Navarro. And I worked with his brother at Fox. And he one time asked if he could meet with me. And out of the blue asked me if I would run his team if he got the Panthers. And I said, really? Are you serious? And he asked me to kind of put together a vision statement for how I would run a team. And so I spent a couple of weeks doing that. I met with him. And from that point forward, I kind of just said, if the right scenario ever came about, this might be something I want to do. I was missing competition. I was missing scoreboard. I was missing the wins, the losses, all of that. Out of nowhere, something was keeping me up at night one year. I didn't even know what it was, and my wife said, something's on your mind. I know you. When you're acting like this, you can't sleep. And I had done a bunch of Falcon games that year, and Kyle Shanahan was the offensive coordinator. It's the year they went to the Super Bowl against the Patriots. And I heard something like, Kyle Shanahan's going to get this Niners job. And that's the one he wants. But somebody said he's struggling to find a GM he wants to work with. And so something was on my mind. I had done a bunch of Kyle's games that year. And I gave him a cold call. And I just said, hey, dude, I want to thank you for all the time you've given me all year in these production meetings, I heard something that you're struggling to find a GM. And he goes, I am, man. It's killing me. I think I am going to take that Niners job. And he goes, why are you asking? And I said, well, consider me. I don't even know if I'd do it, but just think about that and see what you think. And his first question, he's like, dude, why would you even consider doing that? I said, you go play your games. He did. He called back and he said, man, I can't stop thinking about what you said to me. Would you do that? And I want you to come meet this dude named Jed. Well, that dude named Jed was our owner here, Jed York. Came and met Jed. We flew cross country to Atlanta. I was offered the job on that flight. We meet with Kyle and the whole thing's wrapped up. talked to my wife or family yet it all moved kind of fast and here we are eight years later so sorry for the long story no no no i'm hoping we get three or four more of those that was phenomenal hey thank you for blessing us with that information and also shout out to you being somebody taking initiative and being like you know what yeah this is something i want and diving right in and being prepared and knowing that you're prepared. I had no idea what to expect whenever I came out here to Utah. Lock the doors! Lock the doors! Shock that... Yeah, don't get the wrong idea. Shock that... I can't make it up. Steve Smith Sr. Yeah! Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-12 champion, head coach of the Utah Hughes football team. Pulling in on a Harley Davidson Sportster, I do believe. Coach Kyle winning. Yeah! We'll be right back. to make it is 34 degrees out here in the back-to-back Pac-12 champions. Mighty Utah student section has been here in abundance. They've been loud in today's a day where they showcase to the world that it's not just Mormons and soaking in Utah. No, no. It's great football and an incredible fan base. They've been so kind. I appreciate the hell out of you all Have you ever thought something negative about a kicker before in your entire life? Yes! Alright, relax dude Boston Connor was drinking with Dwayne Wade last night $225,000 Let's remember this day forever, Cameron. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! at the University of Utah, the Utah Utes win. Cam Rising said yesterday, we don't lose at home, and today, they ain't losing. This place is going to be soaked in in celebration this evening. You guys were absolutely phenomenal. This morning, you showed everybody that this is the town we all belong to. Back for Utah! Back for Utah! Back for Utah! Take it home! Take it home! Take it that! We love that! We love that! We love that! I am jacked, dude. Whitey's great. Probably the most interesting trade was the Randy Moss trade. After the draft, the first day of the draft, we've been trying to trade for Randy Moss for two months. All like childbirth. I mean, it took forever. After the first day of the draft, I talked to Mr. Davis, and I said, are we going to make this deal or not? And he said, yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it for your fourth. And I think we were picking like seventh in the fourth round. his contract we're gonna have to renegotiate his contract and mr davis said well that's your problem if you want to trade for him then you get it done i said all right i call up randy hey randy this is coach belichick boom hangs up the phone what let me try this again randy it's coach belichick who is this who's pranking me who is this boom hangs up the phone randy this is coach belichick we traded for you what is What? Is this a joke? This better not be a joke. Who is this? No, no, no, no. This is... Alright, alright, alright. Really? I said, yeah, but look, we gotta get this done by tomorrow at noon. He goes, alright, what do I need to do? I said, you need to come up, take a physical, and we need to renegotiate your contracts. By noon? there nice he flies and he's there at eight o'clock in the morning comes in and takes the physical no deal yeah uh-huh make sure okay you're good renegotiate the contract we're done at 10 o'clock and first thing he says to me is where's the playbook right here he said okay because when i walk out there with the first team with brady i gotta know all the plays i can't go out there and make mental errors and screw up i I got to know his offense. And he was smart, man. This guy was smart. On this post-safety coverage, what are you going to do? He goes, Coach, you ain't going to see any post-safety coverage against me. Like, Coach. He goes, you're going to see cover two. We haven't seen cover two in years. He's this route, here's how to run that route. And I started thinking, like, we've got to start giving Randy some routes. We're running this, and they play cover two. How do we get him into the slot? He's like, move me into the slot. I said, yes, you can get in the middle of the cover two. He's like, all right, good. 25 touchdowns. So many. Opens up the running game, too. I'm telling you, it was, Sweet 16 tonight, AJ. It's a big deal. Opening day today, big deal. What are your thoughts on sports really having a big day on this particular Thursday? I don't know what it's like in your guys' algorithm in your world, but I don't hear a whole lot about opening day, where I'm from. Nope. We don't have a team in Columbus. I'm the Reds fan, and there's a lot of Indians that are Guardians fans. Whoa! Dude, save us! I'm the Reds fan, and there's a lot of Indians are Guardians fans. Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Oh, man, you misogynistic pig. Bye-bye, pal. Get me off the screen with this. Good run, AJ. Hope you enjoyed your media career because it's over. God. That's it. By the way, let's check with the ump out there. He did. Yes, he did. Did I finish it? Yeah, you did. I don't know. I don't know. Anyways, the commanders of Cleveland, yes, they are very good baseball players. Who's Spins playing for us? He plays for the Indianapolis Indians. Whoa. That's not it. Indianapolis Indians. Whoa! That's not it. That's their name. You cannot say that. That's still the team name. Oh, my God. That's their name. That's their name. It's never changed. They have not changed it. Nope. Indianapolis will not change that one. They're not changing a lot. How about the Guardians? What else we got going on? How about the Cleveland Commanders? Cavs? They're good. What about? The commanders. What do they do? He's talking about the Cleveland Guardians. Guardians, bro. Guardians. Yeah. Yeah. I still call them the Indians. Oh, my God. These are the presidents. You sack of shit. These people in Ohio just won't learn. You peaches. 2024. I still reference them as the Cleveland Indians. Stop it. We got it. They're the guardians. That's the name. The guardians. And I also don't say the Ohio State University. I just say Ohio State. Oh, okay. Well, that's very noble of you. Very noble. They're going to have a different January 6th in Ohio this year. I can't believe this. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, you pig! Stunner! Stunner! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people. And welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this, there's 100 Days Till NFL Football Tuesday, May 28, 2024. Hour 3 of the program starts now. Hell yeah! Hell yeah. Life is good. 100 Days Till, the Baltimore Ravens and the Kansas City Chiefs kick off the NFL season that is going to be the greatest one of all time. That's A.J. Hawk. There's a nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler, here. There's one half of the Hammer. Don. Cowboys, Tone Diggs here. And then there's a table that produced a song today that was released into the wild for the second time. The first time was obviously released on Reddit as they were recording it because that was sent to a live stream as opposed to a recording stream. So there was about 200 people that saw them recording this in the Hammer Dine studio that ripped the video from like a week ago and put it on Reddit. And it may or may not have been when we found out, oh, that was going live. Okay, people can see that. And although it did garner a tiny bit of buzz, nobody could have predicted what you guys were going to put out today. Ladies and gentlemen, the Talks at the Table might win a damn Grammy. That's at Bossy Connor and at Ty Schmidt. Good work today, boys. I can't take any credit. I cannot take any credit. I just simply sang back up vocals. Connor wrote the lyrics. He said, hey, we got to do this to create time. The lyrics were a team effort. I'm sure maybe the bones, but we changed them as we were going through it. Like it wasn't your football team originally. It was my football team. But as we're doing it, it's like, hey. It feels like we're talking to. Yeah, we're saying my, but it feels like it's your. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, because you're giving back. Yeah, it's your team. The tone of the song was giving. The 100 days is just super fun, and it's something to look forward to in the offseason, especially now that the playoffs and these other two sports are kind of coming to an end here. Yeah, we've still got games at night, obviously. We've got to remember that. Yeah, thank God. We've got to enjoy that. It's taking place. But you guys, the amount of editing up into the final moments before release was a beautiful thing to watch. Way to go. Hell yeah. We're Final moments before release. It was a beautiful thing to watch. Way to go. Hell yeah. I'm ready to try to get it, but they didn't know it was coming. No, no way. How about it? How about that happening? What, what? That? Oh, I don't want to talk about that. How about it? Legitimately. What happened? Just the amount of, you know, Boston Connors rule. How we do This 100 days until NFL football is something that he thinks about. I've been hearing about it at least since 175. Oh, yeah. It starts at 200. You start kind of brainstorming at 200 because the 200 mark is 100 days to 100 days. This is like his – here we go. Yeah, exactly. This is like his pride and joy almost. This is his Milo. This is his Percy. Yeah, that's right. This is his entire thing. It was almost ruined. But instead, it was just teased for a bigger project, which was the actual video. You crushed it. Hell yeah. You guys crushed it. Good sec. A lot of editing in that video. A lot of editing. Tough editing, too. Yeah, tracking editing. So much of it. And then captioning. You kind of get into a rhythm with the tracking stuff. This You kind of get into a rhythm with the tracking stuff. This one did not take nearly as long as the rent video two years ago, and it was twice as long as far as time. All right, let's talk about some news that's happening around the world. Appreciate that. Good work, good effort. And you're right, we do need to wake up at 100 days and celebrate. And I saw the NFL put out some teasers. Some other people did it. The man who counts down literally from the Super Bowl to the kickoff of the season. Needs to have a big-time Hundo celebration, and he certainly hit it out of the ballpark, both of you. The talk table maybe needs to hit back the booth again. I agree. Maybe put a whole album out. We'll see. We'll see. Is there room? I heard you playing the mouth guitar, I think, in the middle. Yeah, Ben, I win it. Ben, I win kind of an ode to Scott Sapp and the boys over at Creed. But, yeah, you know, once that feeling kind of comes over you, you just run with it. Do you have any other guitar riffs that maybe we can drop into the next song? Please. I can't think of any off the top of my head, but, yeah. Anything you can think of. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Doobie Brothers, China Girl, fucking. Bam, wham. Bam, wham. And you just take that. Yeah, I mean. I need to get you one of those Life's Been Good to Me. Oh, yeah. A little thing that you sing weird with the little tube. Oh, yeah. Like Frampton? Like Peter Frampton? I need one of those. Yeah, absolutely. Also not to get lost in the 100 days is it's only 88 days to college football. Oh, yeah. Because Dublin, Florida State, Georgia Tech. Yep. Week zero or whatever. Yeah. That was really some fuckery last year. Because trying to figure out what week we're on. Yeah. There was a zero. There was a half week. There was a one week. They just need to have week one be. Probably should. Be week one. Be week one. Come on, college ball. Well, there's a lot of change going on over here. A lot of change going on in college ball right now. Too much. What's going on in Colorado? Everything all right in Colorado? I don't think so. A lot of stuff coming out of Colorado. Noice. They did have a good, was it kind of like a getaway? Yeah, leadership. Yeah, something like that. They play where they're ducked off in nature. Fight each other? Oh, yeah. Did they take hand-to-hand combat classes? Oh, I didn't see that, but that would be good. Is Shiloh teaching it? He could. Apparently. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly, from what we learned. There's a lot of negative coming out of the Colorado football team. A whole lot of negative. Only negative. You know, did that, which I like for team-building things. But, boy, everything comes out of there. I don't want to say pretty big distraction, but there's a lot of distractions coming out of the Colorado football program. I'm not saying they're the only ones. Obviously, in the modern college football, there's a lot of distractions every single day. Who's going to be on a team? Who wants more money? I mean, any time involved in anything, it's obviously going to cause chaos, but there's so much negativity seemingly coming out of that Colorado team, but that might be what they want. That might be where they thrive, AJ, you know, against the world. They got a Dakota week one. They got one of the Dakotas week one, and I know there's a lot of people that are probably maybe new to college football that don't understand what that means. Matt Rule told us, who is a college football legend. Obviously, it didn't work out with the Carolina Panthers. He said, when I got to Nebraska, I told the AD, I don't want anything with the Dakota in it on our schedule. That's what Colorado's got week one. Then they got Matt Rules, Nebraska, week two. And it's like, welcome. Now we're right into it. It's like, if they don't win, it is going to be... Have to. The only way to quiet anything is to win you win everything gets quiet it's gonna it's gonna get so loud yeah it is gonna get so so so loud and all this stuff is just like almost ammo that's gonna get utilized later but if they win hey that's a wagon up there in colorado exactly sold out two years in a row first time that's's happened in forever. Huge up there in Colorado. Obviously good business, but everything that's coming out is seemingly distraction negative. We'll see how the season goes, though. Boys are going to have to play. Boys are going to have to win games. Speaking of winning games, joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, are back-to-back national champions. You know how hard that is at the highest level to go back-to-back with the target on your back for the entire season with everybody showing up and playing their best game, with every stadium being filled up because you're in town. Who are you? You're the national champions. What are the expectations? Oh, we got to win. We got to win. Have to win. You don't win. What a failure. You lose the national championship. Second best team in the world. Who cares? stink well what do they do well the Notre Dame lacrosse team wins the national championship last year they make it to the national championship this year they win by 10 records get broke by one particular family ladies and gentlemen the Cavanaugh boys Pat and Chris sweet net sweet hat Chris okay yeah yeah had a baby had a baby proud of you yeah pedialyte I like that. I don't know if we got IVs for the boys or not. How are we feeling? How are the Cavanaughs after going back-to-back? Obviously, life is good right now, huh, Chris? Yeah, we're feeling good with this big boy. It was good. Chris, I love that. Pat, you got drafted, obviously, to play in the POL. Cavanaugh boys are living a high life, boys. You got plenty of net to go around. Pat, how does it feel? How does it feel to go back-to-back? Obviously, high expectations going into the year. When you guys were at college game day with us, everybody thought Chris was maybe going to be a big, dumb dipshit and miss all three of those cards. But instead he hits them, and you guys go on to win the natty how's the year can you describe how you feel yeah it's incredible uh to do what we did last year to win it for the first time in programming history was uh special emotions a little different than this year uh this year we came back and we got a taste of winning last year and um we had success early in the season and then uh kept having success throughout the year. So I think the national championship was kind of expected. So the emotions were a little different, but it's definitely a bittersweet feeling. And in my college career, alongside all my best friends and my little brother who I played with for the past three years. And, yeah, it's an incredible feeling. I'm so happy for Coach Corrigan. Last year was the first time he won in 35 years of coaching at Notre Dame. So now he's got two back-to-back. So I'm pumped for him, too. Hey, good for Notre Dame. Yeah, good for Notre Dame. Good for Coach. And obviously Coach and I had a lot of meetings throughout the season on the strategies as an assistant coach. We all saw it. Obviously looking to be cradling like a motherfucker in that meeting and obviously saying boys it's what we need to do to defend the title and all that type of stuff it was an honor to be in there and give you guys the message and when we get our ring ceremony let's make sure we send the date and an invitation to indianapolis indiana for that that'd be uh obviously well received but let's talk about coach and let's talk about you and that team and obviously being bittersweet. You moved to the professional ranks in football. Whenever you move to the NFL, a lot of guys feel this way, and I'm sure there's some schools maybe that don't, and some teams that don't, but you're never going to experience what you have in college ever again. Whenever you're 18 years old becoming 22 together, the development now with NIL, how much of that changed? Who knows? The family, the brotherhood and then you go to professional it's a little bit different whenever it comes to the business you're going to miss obviously this Notre Dame team you're going to miss coach but playing with your brother it feels like the last few games you guys decided like yeah everything we did as kids we're just going to do to all these fucking teams and you two were just glued at the hip seemingly through this entire playoff run was it because you guys knew it was your last time getting to play together? Maybe forever? Legit? Yeah. Yeah. These past couple weeks, it was a lot of laughs for us. Our last practice on our home field, our Lata Stadium, last home game, and then the playoffs are obviously all elimination games. So we didn't want this journey to end without a national championship. So every time we strapped it up, we kind of just soaked it all in and we're saying, let's just get another week with, with me and Chris. And then they're obviously the rest of the guys. And then always the goal to, to win a national championship. So it's incredible to, to cap off my college career with another national championship alongside Chris. We also got, we also got the best goalie in the world, We also got the best goalie in the world, Liam Entenman, in the backseat. Hey, back to back, buddy. Back to back, obviously. Hey, how about that? Hey, goalie, Denver had that guy, 6'5", like 235 pounds. They said he threw it hard. Can you feel the difference between who's got speed and who doesn't? Or does it all hurt? It definitely all hurt, just, I guess, varying degrees. But, yeah, Denver had a few guys that could really sling it. So did Maryland. But, yeah, every shot definitely leaves a bruise. Were you standing on your head or were the boys just dominant? What was going on? How did you get to see the entire game? It did all right. I mean, everyone just kind of made plays around the field, just made one stop or one goal or one faceoff, whatever it was, one play at a time. And I think that's just kind of like little plays throughout the game kind of led up to just a big one. Are you done? Is your eligibility up or are you coming back? Yeah, so I'm Pat's year, so I'm done as well. So definitely, like Pat just said, very mixed emotions the last few weeks. But, you know, like Pat also said, every time we play, just to get another week with the boys. And we kind of ran out of time eventually, but very fortunate to be able to go back and back. I assume you got drafted, right? P.O.O., we're still playing? New York. Yep, I got picked by the atlas um so i uh actually first game this weekend's against my good buddy pat so that's the next thing i'm going rivals in five days but uh yeah looking forward to that um you know beating up on him for once um so yeah it's gonna be great the boston cavanaugh cannons are taking on the new york atlas this weekend holy shit and chris chris is coming back right chris got at least another year Austin Cavanaugh cannons are taking on the New York Atlas this weekend? Yeah. Holy shit. And Chris is coming back, right? Chris got at least another year? Yeah, we'll be back next year. He's going for the three feet next year, yep. Man of few words. Hey, is he the one? Is he the one, though, in the Cavanaugh family? Because obviously he had a fucking gigantic, the one, though, in the Kavanaugh family? Do you guys, is like, because obviously he had a fucking gigantic, I mean, you two, the points, you know, the story's documented here. You have the Notre Dame points record coming into the season after last year. Then this year, you both break that record again. He ends up winning. But this was the year Chris kind of came into it. Do you feel that way about him? And is he the one in the Kavanaugh? Is Notre Dame in a good spot with a Kavanaugh left in Chris? Yeah. So ever since he was like five or six years old, he's always been looked at as kind of the prodigy of our family. He's the youngest. We were always kicking the shit out of him around the house whenever we were playing around outside together too too so we never took it lightly on him and he's always been incredibly skilled and athletic since he was as long as i can remember like literally four or five years old he's been an insane athlete um so yeah he was a top five recruit number one attackman coming out of high school um and then kind of just waited his turn his first few years um just a very steady player kind of a pure goal scorer and then this year took another step and put it all together and had almost a 40 goal 40 assist season which is incredible against the schedule that we play number one strength to schedule in the country so we're going against all american defenders every single week and to put up 80 plus points against our schedule is incredible so i'm very proud of him and um yeah but um he's such a stud oh i i chirped in our media session yesterday there's this magazine inside lacrosse they ranked him the 37th ranked player coming into college lacrosse which was pretty pathetic, honestly. So, yeah, he had a good few games in the tournament. Incredible season. I'm really happy for him. That a baby, Chris. Way to go, Chris. And also, hey, no problem. Last year, you had, what, two black eyes, I think? And then, you know, yeah. Yeah, and you killed a guy, I think, last year, too. Like, you're a dog out there, Chris. Yeah, this year I wasn't that banged up, so I had my head on straight after the game. Hey, but this one, hey, this was Phil. I think we have the highlight here, I do believe. This is a little bit of a buildup, obviously, which I'm learning with the cross. I tried to watch. There's a lot of shit going on. There's a lot of stuff. Is all this a part of strategy? Are you guys waiting for them to fuck up here? Yeah, we're moving the ball through our set, and then Pat does what he does. I was head up, and then I kind of just shoveled it out the net. I was pretty damn proud when that happened. I really didn't know it went in until our crowd, our fans went nuts. It was a pretty surreal feeling. Once it hit the net, you can hear the mic. It was pretty loud too on TV. So that set you're talking about, you're getting to that spot and then Pat's getting to that spot. It's like everything's like, I don't want to say fucking around, but everything is trying to set up to get to a set. Is that what it is? Yeah, so we have probably like four or five different offensive sets that we go through each game. We really don't have like particular places that we go onto the field. We kind of like just move all around. But there's some sets that we're in these positions, and I mean, me and Pat have a good eye for each other. And you found me there. Yeah, not just there. I think you had three and three, five assists. Single game record, yeah. Yeah, you two are pretty good. I mean, pretty solid. Five goals for Chris, six assists for Pat. Secured back-to-back national titles. That was in, you know, the semifinals. The Cavana secured back-to-back national titles. That was in, you know, the semifinals. The Kavanaugh boys were the actual story. Con man, go ahead, Pat. Yeah, speaking of the Kavanaughs, Pat, Chris, how has your other brothers kind of helped? Obviously, Matt was the guy who started at Notre Dame. Brendan played at Hofstra. How has the whole family kind of helped you guys get to this point? And how do you think the next chapter will go with the Cannons and Chris obviously taking the lead? Yeah, I thank my older brothers and my sister as well for all of me and Chris' success. We've looked up to them our entire lives. I couldn't imagine not living in a family with five other siblings. It's been so much fun, such a wild ride, and the opportunity to play with matt is something i never thought was even possible he's eight years older than me and um he's going on his eighth or ninth season of pro lacrosse so i thought he would for sure either be hanging him up by now or i don't know maybe maybe done because of how banged up his his body's been how hard he plays but um he was my idol him him and Patrick Kane were like my two biggest idols growing up two athletes I admired and um the chance to play with him is pretty pretty surreal and it's going to be really weird stepping on the field with him this weekend potentially after playing three years with with Chris so yeah Matt's my idol and he's always been the guy I looked up to. And then Brendan played lacrosse at Hofstra, had a great career. He's an awesome brother as well. My older brother, Kevin, played hockey too. So I'm going to ask better mentors to look up to. And, yeah, very thankful for everything they've done for me and chris yeah sounds like pretty athletic family was calvin you're either gonna get into hockey or you're gonna do finance that's lacrosse yeah that's right that's lacrosse way of life uh for sure and i can't wait for the cavanaugh camps you know that are gonna happen and are already in setup to take place already setting them up to just become a money pipeline to the Kavanaugh family. Yep, just a pipeline of money. If we could figure out the logistics of that entire thing. Yeah, yeah, exactly, Chris. Yeah, bingo. Yeah, exactly. And Pat, incredible balance holding that phone that way. D-Bud has a question for you, Pat, about I think you mentioned they're playing with Matt this weekend. Yeah, this is kind of for Pat, I guess, and Liam. Quick, quick turnaround. Obviously, it's Tuesday. You guys got forever into this weekend. Like, what's the process now? When do you get with your new team? When do you get with the Cannons? Are there any practice, any meetings? You know, your rotations, lineup, things like that. So, you as you get into this weekend starting to PLO? Yeah, I think we're going to enjoy it today. We enjoyed it last night. Had a great time in Philly. We were supposed to fly back to South Bend yesterday after the game, but I think there was some bad weather in the area. That's why the game was delayed for two hours. So we had an opportunity to stay and have some fun last night, which is why you see the PD like Chris Chris saying right now. Genius. Liam loves it. And then tomorrow, me and Liam are flying to, and Chris too, to Washington, D.C. We have the Tauraton Award ceremony. Me and Liam are both finalists for that award. So we have that Wednesday, and then the event is Thursdayursday night for the ceremony so we'll find out who wins that award which is exciting and then friday i think we'll go to albany where pll training camp is and i don't know if liam's gonna start this weekend because he'll literally be meeting his new teammates and then they have a game next day so i don't know how that's gonna work out but i don't know how that's going to work out, but I don't know how it's going to work out for me either. Honestly, I haven't really thought about it. We're so focused the whole year on winning this national championship. We've been chasing it the whole year since last year ended. So, yeah, it's just very exciting, bittersweet. Going to be playing with a bunch of pros that I've been watching my whole life. So, yeah, I bittersweet. Gonna be playing with a bunch of pros that I've been watching my whole life. I'm really excited. It's Cavanaugh way. We haven't really thought about this weekend. We're still in last weekend. What are we even talking about? It's Tuesday. Who cares? We'll worry about that on Friday. Bingo. We'll be in Albany. I can't wait to be a part of the Cavanaugh Cannons. You talked about last night, having a chance to stick around Philly. Ty has a question for you. Yeah, Pat, last time we talked to you, I said, like, hey, you know, it was right after you guys had gotten to the tournament. I said, hey, how many pops we having with the boys tonight? And you basically said, hey, listen, we're on lockdown until we see this thing through and win. Obviously, we see the pedia light. We see you guys are kind of giggly and, you know, your eyes open. If you had to put a rough number on it, just to guess, how many fucking pops did we go through last night? Collectively. I don't know if Liam, you want to take this one out? Boys had some fun, for sure. Alumni were out. It's the over-under. We didn't steal any signs from the hotel like Chris did last year. Oh, oh, oh. Chris may have made his way over to the Rocky Steps at 3 or 4 in the morning. Hey, Chris is a legend, huh? Chris is a legend out there. Yeah, he is an absolute legend. Oh, baby. Hey, the boys love Chris, huh? The only words he knows right now are let's go. Rocky taught him at 4 a.m. I mean, that's how it's going to go. We'll look out for the cash app to send the boys drinks. I guess you can't do the European tour this year. Yeah, no. That was incredible that it lined up for we do that every four years our team and then it was supposed to be after me and liam sophomore year in 2021 i think and then it just kept getting pushed back because all the coveted stuff and then lined up for when we won our first national championship so that was the most insane 10 days of my life, probably. But, yeah, thank you guys for the beers last year. That was greatly appreciated. I'm kind of bummed out I didn't get an opportunity last night. I know. What the hell? What's that all about? Oh, you guys got that NIL money now. All the old lacrosse players that are now in finance, they're taking care of it all. Yeah, I finance yeah they're taking care of it all yeah yeah absolutely yeah sounds like all right well enjoy the hell out of your life pal you're crushing it you both all three of you obviously good luck at the po and congrats on going back to back pal appreciate it thank you guys for having us thanks for having us thank you guys really appreciate it hey when do we get our rings when do we get our rings where's the helmet helmet? Well, I got the... The thing is... There you go. Show them how to cradle, Pat. Oh! So, boys, you know, I obviously haven't put it on as much as I should have this season, but you guys know that that speech that I gave in the fall carried you all the way through. So when we do this ring ceremony, let's do it. You know, let's have the best ring ceremony in history. Sound like a plan? Yep. Sounds good. Uh-oh, it's going on. Let's go. Holy shit. Yep. Fucking Kramer. Oh, hell yeah. That thing does not fit on the hand. It's a tight one. It is. It's going to be. It's going to be. It's you, though. You look like a player. Well, thank you. I'm a back-to-back national champion. Have a good tilt. Oh, if you know that. What do you do, Chris? We fucking score like this. This is what we do. One of those. All right, boys. Congrats. Enjoy your lives. Good luck with the Pedialytes. Keep killing it. Chris, can't wait to watch you try to go back to back to back. Has anybody ever done that in college ball? Twice. I think once or twice. I think Princeton, late 90s, and Syracuse in the 80s. All right. Well, it needs to happen again. It seems like the timing needs to happen again. Good luck. Ladies and gentlemen, the Notre Dame lacrosse fucking bang. Fucking Chris Cavanaugh. The Cavanaughs and Liam, congrats, boys. Congratulations. Yeah, boys! It hurts so bad. I think it's tight. It hurts so bad. When I put it on in front of the team, I was a little sweaty, a little greased up. Sure. Because it was a hot day. Hot one. It was hot. I think I almost just ripped my ear thing. Is the back all the way? Sweet looking helmet, though. That thing is awesome. Yeah, these things are a real deal. These actual gold flakes. Yeah. From last year's national well rudy wasn't really from touchdown jesus well he was real as a person who rudy yeah he existed yeah he got that too but montana's teammates are excited he got that sack no montana said that was bullshit well i thought he got carried off he's the last part to get carried off in notre dame's field got him right said that right there at the end of the movie yeah lou holtz remember he blew up that a-gap, stopped the run, and then they carried him off? What was that? That was recent. That was after. 1902? 87, I think. How about those dudes right there? Living. I could play a pro game on Saturday. You're a professional. You're playing on Saturday already. I haven't even really thought. Liam, I saw him just, yeah, I haven't even. I don't know if they're going to start me on Saturday. He could. See ball, stop ball. I mean, I should ask better questions about the transition from college ball to professional ball, but I'm not sure the boys even know. No, I don't think they were going to. No way. I thought the W was quick. Damn. Seriously. Yeah. Five days? Oh, yeah. Got to get to Albany training camps on Friday. Yeah. We're in shape, I think. Most of the guys who already lost, they're already there. They got there, I think, on Sunday or Monday, like the dudes from Duke. And the PLO, they go to like one city and they play all their games. Yes. And then they go to one city and they're going back to cities. I believe the Cannons are, again, the Boston Cannons. I believe they're going to be there. This is Rabel's league? Yes. Atlas, I believe, are his team, the New York Atlas. Okay, got it. I saw the Big Three sold a team in L.A. Really? How does that work? Yeah, that's – Who bought it? I don't know. Real money, though. Real money. It's only $10 million. That's like what Liv wants to do, right? You can buy a Liv team. Isn't that their plan? I think so. Some of the players already own teams and academies. For Liv? Yeah. That's what Phil was talking about. Kind of like how they do with soccer. Yeah, that was part of the grow the game mumbo jumbo. Mumbo jumbo? Yeah, kind of. That's how they're growing the game with the academies and whatnot. Kind of sounded like mumbo jumbo. I don't think I understand because if they come like for soccer, you come through the academy, you go to the pro team. Or you get plucked and go to another pro team. It's like for this one, they're coming through the academy, then they're going up to the golf ball whackers on the team and that's a guaranteed contract already so it's just kind of like that's how it's gonna go to assume once they go pro I think they will get like some of that some percentage as they continue to go up through it but what if the PGA says we want to pluck them good question I don't know the answer answered. That's why it's kind of mumbo jumbo. They don't know either. It does feel as if it is mumbo jumbo. It might be mumbo jumbo. We don't know if it's mumbo jumbo. If it sounds like it and smells like it. It's certainly trending towards mumbo jumbo. It could have been. Could have been some mumbo jumbo. But we don't know. No. That's the thing about Mambo Jumbo That's why we love it Like a lot of people are saying Terrence Howard Mambo Jumbo And then he put these eight drones together And was like look at this shit I did that Now I understand Terrence Howard has been a part of Conversation on this particular program Since the day I saw one clip Come out of his No flubs saying the largest words I have ever heard. We gotta get him on. Did Rogan speak at all? No. I thought about Rogan's position in that podcast because I haven't seen or watched or heard the whole thing, but I've seen the clips. It's like how do you prepare for that if you're Rogan? What are we getting into today well the fucking meaning of life yeah okay sweet what are we gonna talk about like love and passion no like the actual fucking the flower of life like we are going to get into how the potential spawning of hydrogen into carbon potentially changes there's no straight lines so whenever you get a dui and they say walk a straight line, there's no fucking such thing. Heard of the flower effect? Jarrett Wall. No, Rogan thought, yeah. He did that. Can we pull up the periodic table? How about the periodic table? We talked about it last week. That fucker had no idea what was coming. I haven't seen that. It's like eighth grade. See ya. Again. Adam Copeland, Godspeed. I know. On that. Oh, boy. Jesus. What happened? Edge broke his leg. Requires surgery. Yeah. He came off the top of a steel cage. He did a pencil drop off. Edge. Edge. We grew up watching. Adam Copeland, yes. Edge. when, yes, Edge jumped off the top of a cage this weekend. Yeah, he's clearly. Swear to God. How old is he? Legend. I don't know. He looks great. He's got to be 50 years old. He's absolutely jacked. He looks great. Well, he did. I'll say he's 50 years old. So I'll say this about it. After a WrestleMania match against Austin Theory, go back in into locker room Edge gives me a shot of whiskey says congratulations yep on your first it was like a really that's sick it was a really cool moment yeah so then because obviously I watched Edge throughout his entire career fan and everything and you see how jacked he is and then he goes to AEW he's wrestling every week oh yeah every day he's like wrestling like every week I'm like god damn this guy's a machine like an actual and then he goes to the top of i'm watching his clip he's going to the top of a fucking cage i'm like what the fuck is edge doing going to the top of the cage you've been up there i mean it is so hot because not only how high the the cage is you gotta add your height because that's where your eyes are that's tough so that's where you think you are you know it's not where your feet are it's where your eyes are. Yeah, that's tough. So that's where you think you are. It's not where your feet are. It's where your fucking eyes are. So those things are 20 feet from the top of the cage to the floor, and then obviously six, whatever it is. So 26 feet up in the air. Nuts. So when you look down, it's like, holy shit. I see him go up there, and he goes down. It didn't look like a good... And then he broke his leg. Was it a move? Sweet, at least? It would have been sweet. He got on the table. He had a bit of a hallucinogenic trip. I think he was thinking, hey, I'm doing a pencil off a diving board into an Olympic swimming pool. Dude. When you see him come through the sky, you think to yourself, I don't know how that always good to me. I appreciate that. But, boy. That's a scary moment. Yeah. That clip was very scary. Yeah. So, you're saying on that day he did not see clearly? On that day. Well, the x-rays they said. Clear. Yeah. They knew exactly. It snaps. NHL tonight on ESPN Rangers at Panthers. How do you feel about it? I feel great. You shouldn't. It feels like the Rangers probably win that one. I feel great. Tied up. The Panthers are getting back tonight. That big, bald, dummy Jim Kelly at the WWE was all wah, wah, wah, the whole thing. He goes, how come you ever say anything whenever the Rangers win, only whenever the Rangers lose? Valid. I will congratulate him and Rangers fans if they win tonight. But if they lose, they're getting close to being one of the only teams to ever start a playoff series 7-0 and then not win the Stanley Cup. Now, I'm not saying they haven't got to that point yet, but you let the Cats get back into this and even a series. Hold the phone. Can't do that. I mean, if the panthers are worth their salt they'll they'll answer truba for what he did two nights ago or two days ago rather is that three o'clock you think that puck drop they're gonna say excuse me well i don't know about that because they said no to boston when they tried to do it at the puck drop but i expect something throughout the game and maybe uh maybe a kachucky goal but isn't it like a thing with the Rangers? We don't do that because aren't they one of the worst fan bases in America? Really? Who says that? I thought Nick said that one time on Hockey Talk. Is it just you judging Bruce? That's half of it. What the hell, man? Come on, Bruce. I feel like Nick said that one time, too. Back me up here. Yeah, I mean, people notoriously love the Rangers fans. Yeah, I mean, people notoriously love the Rangers fans. They are. It's typical New York fans, man. They're passionate. What do you want? They're passionate and also. I don't mind Rangers, Bruce. Knicks, Bruce. I don't know if I'm signing up for that again. Well, I didn't know I signed up for Celtics, Connor. Did you see that the other day? Yeah. What was he doing? What happened? I heard you talking earlier. I wasn't talking to anyone. I was just having a good time. He was screaming. He was trying to get the players on the court to hear what he was saying. And in doing so, he had to call Miles Turner a fucking loser! Because he turned the ball over or something like that. And this was at the very beginning. And I looked to my left in the sweet-sip room. Some dad is like yeah Covering kids ears. Covering their earmuffs. What are we doing? McGee's sitting there just like Jesus fucking Christ. Come on, do them off my goddamn hamburger. I was yelling. Do I want to Jack and Diane? I need one. Get through this. You've heard players talk about playing TD Garden. Jeez, yes. Reading full of those guys. Well, that's what McGee actually said. McGee said, I think he told a story about being a Red Sox fan growing up for whatever reason. And then he said, then I moved to Connecticut, and I met what Red Sox fans were like. And I was like, I would have never picked him. Really? Really? That's awesome. I think he was making a joke. I don't know if that's actually how it feels or not, but he was watching Connor just do this thing, and it was just like, man, I do hope. And then the Pacers got up like 18. Yeah. Like, it was. They should have won. They should have won. Aw. They should have. They should have won. Close it out. Shouldn't they have? Oh, man. I will say, obviously the Pacers throughout the entire year never talked about, but I didn't see many topics on any shows about the Celtics all year. Like, hey, is this the team? Is this the team? Is this the team at all? And it's because all the storylines were in the West and the reigning champion also in the West. And it's like Celtics fans probably, I mean, naturally going to find reasons to be pissed off. Yeah. That is the Boston. No matter what. That's a revolution region, baby. Amen. That is literally how they're. But I think they have been fed a lot of things or an absence of coverage or props that has certainly fed that to you all feel the same way as if the world's against you, even though you're the clear odds on favorite to win the championship that's a good spot for missoula to be in motivating the boys yeah exactly and i feel like honestly thinking about it now going to georgia for game day and experiencing how georgia fans you know treated you and how georgia fans kind of don't like the narrative around their team because of how dominant they were it is kind of in in that avenue but again, 12-2 in the playoffs, we do not give a fuck as long as they win that goddamn championship. Because once again, if they lose to Luka or Ant, we will see Celtics headlines, but it'll be about how they need to blow it up and how they need to get rid of some guys. Another disappointing ending. Bingo. Kyrie winning it. Well, Kyrie. Kyrie stom it on their floor. Well, Kyrie stomped on Lucky. He's got some shit to pay for. I mean, it's going to be so loud. If they were talking about how loud it was games one and two against the Pacers, it will be 10x that if it is Kyrie Irving. Yeah, but Luka loves that shit, right? Oh, yeah, no doubt about it. Luka was born an adult. Yeah, bingo. I mean, those clips, I mean, we see clips of, you know, the scenes that are in Europe when they're playing professional basketball. They got flares in the crowd. Yeah, some of those videos are awesome. Nuts. Would like to be in the crowd for those. Would love to. There's like a certain events that I would. Need to do the darts. Yep. Need to do one of those basketball games where it's just fucking insanity. Yes. Seemingly everywhere. I think the Indy 500 people should at least experience one time. 340,000 people in there. Absolute insanity. Happy I went. First time here. It was a good time. Gump's going every year. Did you stay for the race? I don't know if It was pouring rain. We had a driver that was picking us up at 3.30. Well, also a Rangers game. Yeah. Right? There was a couple of Rangers fans in the Fairfield Stags group. So the fact that that race got delayed meant, oh, so we're not watching this race because the Rangers are playing in there. But got to experience it, which I think is all that matters. Yeah, and in 2017 when we stayed inside the track, I got to experience the race there. And this was like, okay, what is the snake bit like? What's the tail gain like? What's all this shit like? And it was awesome. Now, I don't know if I'm going back because of how— It's a lot. It's a lot. It is a lot. But it was start to finish fucking electric. I loved every second of it. Ty Schmidt, second DJ. What are you going to do? That was so funny. How about Newgarden stopping by? He's cool. He's the guy. A lot of people learning about that. Austin Rivers. G1. We did talk some G1. He said, yeah, we can G1. Yeah, things going. So does any Indy or NASCAR driver say, hey, yeah, G1's great? No. They all. Everybody thinks the same McGee is a racing expert, seemingly, at this point. And he had the same exact thoughts as us. Racing is just boring. Car school races are boring as shit. And Vanderstoppins on air going, this is fucking boring. And it's like, I think people got into racing as a whole because of the drive to survive on Netflix. 280 million worldwide subscribers on netflix starting to learn more about netflix out there you know what a wild yeah what a monster so a lot of people get into race i think that was like maybe their first introduction to racing at all you know like i'm from pittsburgh we didn't do a lot of racing uh in pittsburgh i know ton digs dad was a big fan of of nascar and there was certainly a run of that stuff, but racing wasn't something I knew anything about. So I think this Netflix, Drive to Survive, introduced people to racing. So then, obviously, you get a connection to the drivers, and it's like, okay, once you have a connection emotionally and you're introduced to a sport, you love it. And that's why I like Memorial Day weekend. It's such a perfect thing because look at what other options are at the racing buffet. And it's like IndyCar had the fucking best weekend. By far. By far. By far. It's such a good race. It's such a good race. And it's great for Indiana, you know, because Indiana's like the home to not only all these fucking teams. Like, all these teams are here. But, like, the league itself, I think, is based out of here. So it was a big weekend. I think is based out of here. So it was a big weekend. You enjoyed the IndyCar race. You IndyFied. Oh, yeah. A lot. A whole lot. And I hope Andretti gets into F1. He's trying to get into it. Obviously, I think McGee talked about Liberty Media, American company, owning F1. But you get more Americans on there. You get another American team. I think Haas help. Obviously, the competitiveness. You've got to have a different winner week in, week out. You've just got to have a style of racing. There are certain races. Vegas was great as far as overtakes. There was always great. There ain't no ovals. I mean, look. That fucking chart of where the guys are. It's Monaco. I know. We talked about that last week. It sucked. Stop calling it the Super Bowl then. Fucking marketing it as, hey, this is this really cool place to go to where our race starts. I don't own it. It's spectacle. I agree. I'm just saying it is not even close to IndyCar. It's wild. It's not. They're doing like 230 miles an hour. Yeah. They're just cruising around because you only see turn it's like how many g's is that motherfucker sitting in right you know all that it was awesome and then obviously you got million dollar cars so whenever they crash it's going to be expensive and a spectacle and there was a lot of restarts which is where all the action was kyle larson was learning how to indycar race literally as the race was going because of the delay and everything like that like the first 15 laps i think at one point he asked what like a bar in front but what does his front bar do and they're like he's like eight laps in like well that's going to control the downforce actually oh okay good good at one point he accidentally downshifted to third gear when he's in fifth gear because his hand accidentally hit something he goes from like sixth place to like 14th place out of nowhere he sped in pit lane because his front right tire locked up so he had to do a run through that made him go at the back so he's like learning indycar as the race was happening that's why i put out a tweet like if this motherfucker wins like he has literally made every amateur mistake that you could possibly make in any car and then he found himself up at sixth again and he was all the way up at second he was behind a pit you know he had a different pitch strategy so literally everybody he was gonna have to pit and everybody else was gonna catch up to him but like you could see him getting it and every time he got fucking knocked he like yeah still made it he worked his way yeah it was like if this guy can get the the minute details of this entire thing he'll be able to figure out good broadcast uh by Hinchcliffe and I think Tirico and Danica and there's another very they're selling that like wrestling that is there's a yeah there's a lot uh for like three hours. It's like a horse race. It was good energy, good juice. I thought it was a great display. And then Coca-Cola 600, I wish that would have finished. Because Kyle Larson, I think, probably wins that fucking thing. Because the Algier guy was in like 11th place, I think. He was the one that was running his car for the first half. And then there was a rain break, which was like perfect for him to be able to get into the car and the other guy get out of the car but then the rain never stopped and they canceled the race but if he gets in and wins that race oh i mean it's like he said it was a terrible day obviously because it was nothing like what he hoped and the amount of people that prepared for this behind the scenes nascar indycar the amount of agreements that had to take place the amount of sacrifice everything like. So for the rain to ruin it all, he was bummed out, hopes to be able to do it again. But if they restart that NASCAR one, he potentially wins that race, and it's like still a – I was at P2. He was in the lead for a couple of laps in the 8,500, made a couple of rookie mistakes, but then he goes back and wins Coca-Cola. Instead, race canceled, doesn't win. Ah! Sports, baby. That's right. Sports. Everything is this close. The Doppler lady getting booed in Indiana on Saturday night at the Pacers game was awesome. She comes up on the, I think it was Angela Buck, I think it was WTHR, pops up on the Jumbotron at the Pacers game and then shows the Doppler. Right here, 1240, big red line coming through, entire arena. Boo! Booing a Doppler. Big red line coming through. Entire arena. Boo! Boo and a Doppler. Boo and a Doppler. At that moment, we had a 10-point lead over the Celtics. It was fun. Baseball was going good. Our basketball was going good. We're going into the race tomorrow. Life is good. How did he not score for the last three and a half minutes? He locked down on defense, bitch. Jay Tatum. Jay Tatum. He was doing that, obviously, in the suite. Oh, gosh. I had a lot of step back. Leg up. Leg up. Kicking. Bucket. Bucket. We had 36, 10, and 8. He was so loud, dude. He was so loud. And then there was a kid who was right in front of our suite. Had a T.J. McConnell jersey. So that just explains who he is. He's about 25 years old. Okay, T.J. McConnell jersey. I don't know how many of those were out before this playoff series, but he's a – this guy loves the Pacers, dude. Yeah. This guy, pretty jocked, you know, 26 years old, has a little bit of a mullet, you know, has a T.J. McConnell jersey on. It's like this is a dog right here. So at some point here, Connor and this guy are going to fight each other. Nope. And they did not. Two civilized gentlemen cheering on their respective teams. One, obviously, spoiling the ears of a neighbor's wheat. The other, watching his team just fumble it away. Yep. That was a heartbreaker. Yeah, it was, wasn't it? Sweep, dude. It does suck. Alright. Hold on. Just like a game six and Halliburton to be there, it would have been a much more... People weren't happy that Halliburton went to the race. I mean, not a good look. You know when you're hurt. But I mean, it's a spectacle. It's Indianapolis 500. He's one of the faces of Indiana. Yeah, exactly. He had a golf cart taking him around. It's not like he was walking. It's like you do anything, though. You're hurt, and fans of the team, they see that. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Wait a minute. Fucking hear me, huh? Oh, front of these cars yeah you can stand oh interesting eastern harvard's final is not good enough for you to have the same smile on our court you remember that guy he was hurt oh yeah never forget it he was in my meet room i was i've never been more embarrassed that's why you need otas right there yeah fucking out of practice and you're in the sort of rookie skit you do a fucking backflip most explosive move of all time this guy's out on a hamstring. He's done it. That was a fucking backflip. Zero awareness or what was the deal? Zero. So proud of himself for fucking landing it. Stuck the landing. Never thought, like, hey, I'm not practicing. Everyone's looking around. Never thought of that? Dude, stuck the landing. Like, we're talking about fucking boom and then, like, you know? Yeah. Like, you know? Yeah. Imposed. You know, everybody's not fully aware probably of who the kid is. I don't think he was a draft pick. But, like, you know, DBs and receivers know. Like, okay, he's been a practice. He's been out, hurt, sideline, whatever. Now he's, all right. Yeah, well, me and Vinatieri knew. Yeah. We're sitting there just, oh, this fucking guy. Oh Oh, this fucking guy. Oh, this is good. This guy can do all this circus shit. Can't do a practice. Huh. Can't do. Buddy, you're not going to make this team. He got cut the next day. Yep. But he's telling his friends and family. Oh, yeah. I got fucked. They cut me when I was hurt. For sure. He's also definitely saying you should have seen that fucking backflip. Same definitely saying you should have seen that fucking backflip same same one Christian just hit right there dude same flip good backflip it was impressive good flip yeah he killed it he killed that backflip he was very he jumped straight up you know like I used to be able to do a backflip and it was not a good backflip it was feet are off the ground feet are getting back onto the ground as fast as possible you know like it's a yeah you know that's what's happening. Just need to get ass over teakettle here and we're putting feet there's some people with these backflips, they jump up in the air, then they do the backflip and then they're coming back down like it's a video game. This guy, fuck yeah. Same thing. Hanzo, he fucking straight up, like levitated backflip, stuck it. It's like, holy fuck, this guy's a gymnast. It's like the people who can do the backflips with their legs straight. That's one of the most impressive feats ever. There's a halftime act that does that. I think it was in Memphis. I saw the street gymnast going down Beale Street where it was like seven to eight dudes all dressed the exact same just fucking just flip back handspring back back flip like a full-on parkour almost or what no fucking like you know they're not jumping off the lines or whatever yeah they're like yeah there's like but they would do like this massive backflip and then, right into a back handspring, into this, and do, like, a twist flip, and then they get to, like, one end, and then, ah, it's like, all right. And then these fuckers are coming back. They're coming right back the other side. They get, like, 10 feet in the air, and I have no idea how. Me neither. It's like, how do you do that? On concrete. Elementary school, rite of passage. Like, you couldn't do a backflip. And then it was people, obviously, levels, but you see somebody go out and do one, and somebody goes and does two handsprings. Not my opportunity. You're from a different part of the cartwheel. The Memphis, I'm assuming, is all black guys? Yes. So that was, you know, same thing. So we used to have a D.A.R.E. program. I'm sure you Yeah, brother. Come on. That was for some reason. Coolest license plate going around. Yeah. I actually just saw a video on Twitter popped up on my algo. It was like a gym. Maybe a game rained out or something. It was different teams and like cheerleaders and just one girl, one guy would just get on the basketball court and chase. It's insane. It was crazy. Some of the. How do you do it the first time? How do you do the first backflip? Do you have somebody there to rotate you? Are you on a pad? I just had my daughter do a first backflip into our pool. Just like you said, jump over the kettle. You have to jump over your head backwards. Once you lose the fear of being upside down, I can do a gainer off the diving board where you jump forward and flip backwards. I can do that gainer off the diving board where you jump forward and flip backwards. I can do that. That's a shooting star. A couple hours. If you do a cartwheel first, a cartwheel into it, it kind of creates that momentum. And if you, you don't have to have a 40-inch vert, you can jump 30. You do a cartwheel into, I think it's called into it, give you that momentum, that'll get you going. Yeah, so I... AJ can for sure do it. Trampoline, absolutely. Trampoline, you do trampoline growing up? Somebody in your neighborhood had trampoline? Yeah, I mean, a couple buddies every once in a while, not much. Okay, so I had trampoline down the street at Kane Craig's house. And I'll tell you what, we had trampoline wrestling promotion there. And I was pretty good on there, and I wanted to be a professional wrestler. So, like, that was back when Kidman on WCW was doing a shooting star in, like, jeans and then, like, a white beater. He was just doing these shooting stars. I was like, that was sweet. That's cool. So you start doing the gainer backflip on there. Then you start doing the actual backflip. And then, like, when you get to the ground, the big fear is like, can I not break my neck right now? That's the biggest issue. But if you put a pad down, it actually fucks you more because it's a higher landing spot. And if somebody's holding you, you don't really have confidence that you did it anyways. So you're not getting over the mental hurdle. You just kind of got to fucking go for it. Yeah, do it once. And then once you get it, once you're like, okay, I feel it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. I don't think I'm going to try. No, I'll probably pass. You should do one off the top rope. Oh, boy. I tell you what, man. The older I get, the more fear I have of heights. So I don't think so. That's a sweet. That is a fun time flying through the sky. Why don't I do that backflip off the top rope thing? Yeah, it's nice. I'll see them out, it's a much better feeling. Yeah, I can imagine. I can imagine. Yeah, because there's a history of people doing one of these and then just, nope, not going. Nope, we're not getting there. That's not it. I had to start to take Dramamine when I got older. What, on heights and shit? No, I was flipping. Oh, doing flips. Yeah, I just started doing Dramamine. I'm Yeah, I haven't tried it in a while. Me neither. Yeah, I got faith in myself. D-Buck can definitely still do it. Go do it. One time, boozed up. I missed. You can still do it right here. I'm not doing this. Absolutely not. Can you run and kick off the wall and do doing a regular backflip for sure. Yeah, get a little... Put that backflip. A little assistance. We'll get a trampoline in here. We'll get a trampoline in here. Right, like the small ones. We can all be dunking. We'll turn this into a slam ball court. Turn this into a slam ball court. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the Meek Mill, when he was at the Sixers video, he went off the trampoline. It was bad. It was real bad. That's exactly how you would imagine it. I thought slam ball was coming back. It did. It did. And then no one watched it, so it went away. We were wrong on that. We were. I was wrong on that completely. I think the way they did it, I don't think, was the best way. They're having games at like 1230 at night. It's like, well, what do you expect on the CW? Hard to get. Yeah. The rollout of it, too. I think it was on ESPN. The rollout of it. We need to know. I didn't think. We need some celebrities. Don't you think they need some like Chad Och lot. Yeah, Orlovsky needs to be in there. Put Orlovsky on a trampoline, I think people will watch. Yeah? You know? You have Dan Orlovsky just doing stuff. I mean, imagine his legs just. There's something. Yeah, let's call it Dan Orlovsky. Him getting checked into the boards. Oh, my God. Oh, god. Oh man. Slam ball was real. It was. It was. Saw some ice boxing. That was in Russia? That was awesome. Okay, so. What do you mean? Good, thank you for bringing that up. I don't know if we have the clip. It was all over the algo. In Russia, they got fighting happening on skates, like hockey fighting, but real. Oh, yeah. So is it like MMA? Ice is war? It's ice wars. Bare knuckle on skates? As I was watching the clip, I'm like, oh, this is what ice wars was going to be. Oh, yeah. Trying to get to. But I think the Russians are doing it. And obviously when the Russians do something, there's no real. They'll have teams fighting each other with weapons in a cage on TV. Yeah, I mean, that's... Joining us now is a guy who's never going to fight on ice, but maybe will be the next slam ball superstar, Dan Orlovsky. Oh, Dan! Dan, we're live on air! Dan, people are watching. It's a good shirt. Yeah, I don't care. Okay. Call me. What's up? The standard is the standard. That is a good shirt. Trevani. No, Dan. I think you just missed what happened, too, with his food. It's been tough. I mean, right now, I don't want to. Steel cut open. You got that thing. You got that thing. Dan Pick. Are you okay, Dan? Is everything all right? Did we call you? Fucking asshole. It's your Bonnie. It's your Bonnie. All right, Dan. Hey, thank you for joining us, Dan. What's going on? I don't know, man. What's up, Bob? Dan. Where's Bird? What's up? I was going to ask about slam ball, but there's no way you'd play that, right? Especially this thing. That'd be awesome. That's the ball. Okay. So you. Is this trampoline basketball? Yeah. Trampoline basketball. Would you play? Can you do a backflip or anything on trampolines? Are you going to? It's tough right now. This is a hard time. I'm having a hard time. I can do a backflip on a trampoline. All right, Dan, we appreciate you, man. If we were to bring slam ball back, would you play? 100%. All right, that's good news. All right, I'm pumped about it. Ladies and gentlemen, Dan Orlovsky. Yeah! What's up? What? Why'd you guys do that? Why did we what? Pick up the phone for him and make him look like an asshole? Why'd he look like that? I don't know. What was I supposed to do? I couldn't even look at him. I mean, I think that's Dan Orlowski football, baby. He probably thought you were off. Probably thought we were off. Yeah. Okay. Maybe. Let's call him there's a little dribble from the yogurt I couldn't even look at it long strand he knows we're alive he knew we're alive he's always eating something Dan did you know we're alive you knew we're alive this whole time yeah okay alright Dan do you have a cell Do you see yours Can you on the screen I don't know what everybody else gets I don't know how it works You can see us right now on the screen Do you see the TV screen I see you I see me and then I see AJ Okay Alright What are you thinking because i have my hair dan this is one of the most absurd fucking looking faces i've ever seen in my entire life right now and i do first of all it's 3 20 in the afternoon i'm about to walk to go get my kids from school you called me i don't think about oh man about oh man well i i strive to live that way more so i apologize for even asking dan you're incredibly handsome no matter what it's hard if i really wanted to watch and make it at least probably better wash your hair yeah oh it looks good dan he always there he is all right it was him It was him. It was him this whole time. I was wondering the whole time. I had no idea. All right, well, tell the kids we said hello. All right, brother? You got it, buddy. Hey, you see the Cavanaughs came on earlier? They had some pops. I saw the Cavanaughs came on. Dude, they're so good. So good. Yeah, so good. They made the game a little boring If I'm being honest The game wasn't that much fun to watch But they were They were so good Not as good as you buddy You're the best Ladies and gentlemen Dan Roelofsky Thank you Dan He knew he was alive Yeah I believe that I love that guy Let's get out of here That was the best Hey that was startling wasn't it yeah trolling Joe Bonney all over himself it was almost as startling as learning that a 70 year old had a kid that was startling I mean it turned out it wasn't true right bingo sorry Joe Joey we have I guess we've done some journalism. Joey and Hayden Hopkins. Hayden Hopkins. So we have gotten the video from the snake pit of our show being used for the second DJ following Timmy Trumpet. This comes from Dan Butler, 33 on the talk. Oh, yeah. The music starts. That's why. Oh. Yeah. This guy goes nuts. Okay. Is Ty coming here soon? I know. It's just his audio in the beginning there while you're talking and we pull up something on the show. You can hear Ty saying, I don't give a fuck. He goes mute the complete time. Yeah, right when the music starts. One of his respectable stories at the greatest place. Yeah, you hear him start to go there? I can hear it on my phone. Huh? Huh? On the the computer didn't work on my phone it was a hell of a setup bigger stage dude it was it was it was nuts they know the deal wow yeah it's big it's a it's a full one like you get coachella and all that fire smoke the whole thing it was crazy shut up my cousin dan mr baller yeah here it is if you want to hear it. Dan Baller, 33. Let's run the video. Same time. Oh, jeez. Oh, this is Sullivan King. Oh, there you go. So he took a shot at Sullivan King, and he said, if you take a shot at the king, you best not miss. And he used it. Oh, he's got the Wonder Bread here. Fair play to Sullivan King. Absolutely. That's for Sullivan. Hold on. I haven't made one in three weeks. Let's take a day. Let's go back tomorrow. Okay. Everybody have an incredible afternoon. We'll be back tomorrow. Tomorrow, Concava SC roster reveal. Wow. Huge. We're about eight days out from the soccer tournament down in Cary, North Carolina. Can't wait for you guys to see who's on the squad. Concave FC, the road to TST is presented by D-Lipes. Yep. And we got sick uniforms, ripped nets, and, you know, some cardio that's certainly going to be called into question, but there's 20 people on the team. That's right. So only need to play a couple minutes a game. I Some cardio that's certainly going to be called into question, but there's 20 people on the team. That's right. Bingo. Only need to play a couple minutes a game. I can't wait for that to get down there. Cary, North Carolina, from all accounts that I've heard, beautiful town. Yeah. Beautiful town. Love that. Can't wait to get down there. It's going to be hot, AJ. It's going to be we went there. Yeah, it's sweet. I always talk about getting to North Carolina. I heard Cary is a beautiful town. We've been actually talking directly to the tech people from the city of Cary. Shout out to Eric. He's a Polish fella who lives down there in Cary. He's taking care of it because this show that we're doing from down there is, once again full Zito production. Okay. So back in-house completely. Now, we've obviously been very lucky and fortunate to have the remote ops team from ESPN do shows for us through College Game Day, and then obviously at Mania and Iowa, and down at the draft and everything like that. What we've learned is that we can potentially do this and keep this in-house, and this is going to be the first attempt and first go at it. And, boy, it has been a blast. Zito and Tim McAfee have been working their asses off. Go, boys. Yeah. All right. Great work, boys. A lot of work going into this truck. The truck's hitting the road again. That's right. Stage on wheels is showing up. Wow. and the internet gig up, gig down is what we've been told. Okay. We're going to find out. Yes, we are. We're going to find out right away. We are going to find out. We're going to find out. Immediately. We're going to find out. He's got some of the best internet in the country. That's what we've heard. That's what we've been told. And I'll tell you what, with everything that took place for production again? It's the first one I hope goes well. It will. It will. But we're either going to win or we're going to learn, aren't we? I love that box truck. So many good memories in that box truck. There's memories for sure. So many near deaths in that box truck. It's back on the road. It's back on the road going to North Carolina next week. Should be a blast. We'll be live on ESPN. It's going to be fun. It's going to be exhilarating. You know, Concave FC, I think when people see the roster, they're going to say, wait a second. That team's trying to win this thing. Look out. We certainly are. Have I met a majority of the guys on our team? Absolutely not. Can't wait to get down there and build up camaraderie. Neither did Pat Cavanaugh. Pat Cavanaugh doesn't even know who his teammates are. Except for his brother. What if Messi get in town? Messi's not on TV. Turn this down. Sure? No. Breaking. Messi would not be on Concave. I thought he was up in the air still. I thought he was there for a second. Turns out it was maybe just a language barrier. But, yeah, there must have been some miscommunication happening. Breaking news on this Tuesday, May 28th. 100 days away from NFL season kicking off. Messi days away from NFL season kicking off. Messi will not be on Concave FC. Was it for lack of effort? Maybe next year. Is he on Sergio Aguero's team? Turns out he's not allowed to be on team because he's the MLS. They still blame? The MLS? Really? I saw Bayer Leverkusen won the whole German Cup. German Cup. Undefeated year. Bayer Leverkusen. Lost in the Europa League final, unfortunately. No, they won 51. They're unbeaten in 51 games across Europe. They were until the final, unfortunately. Bayer Leverkusen did their thing. First team in the history of the Bundesliga to go 34 unbeaten matches throughout the league. Unbelievable. Who's their guy? Bayer. Oh, Cousins. Zabby Alonso. Great young coach. Getting tall to him, dude. Granit Xhaka, former Arsenal player. Xhaka. I did hear rumors that Perleau was in the United States. Oh, yeah? What about Buffon? What about Buffon? Gigi? Perleau? It's Pirlo. What about Buffon? What about Buffon? Gigi? Gigi? Pirlo? AJ, are you playing on the team or not? No, you can make the roster. Gigi could play. He's retired. I'm going to make it. No, I'm supporting. All right. Anyways, roster reveal tomorrow. Big day tomorrow. Got a lot of shit happening tonight. NBA is on TNT. Tim that whole series away and set up for the Boston Celtics and them to be the battle for the NBA championship. And then the NHL is on tonight. Rangers at Panthers, 8 p.m. on ESPN. Should be a blast. We can't wait to get back tomorrow. More NFL news happening, more world news happening, more sports news happening, and we're lucky enough to be doofuses in the middle of it all. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this for a living. people on earth some people say if you want to find an idiot find a person and watch the pat mcafee show whoa i say that yeah i'm excited to find some puppet with a pen says that but with that being said you're the greatest humans on earth because we like to enjoy the hell out of this thing and we all understand that sports are the thing that can bring the entire world together be a friend tell a friend something nice it might change their life we're in this thing together team on me team on on three. One, two, three, team. Goodbye. Thank you.