Thank you. so The Thank you. Thank you. so so so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go! This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, you pig! Stop it! Stop it! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want that! We want that! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this Football Wednesday, May 22nd, 2024. This program starts right now! Football! He's back in the topic of discussion because OTAs are taking place all around the league. We have a little bit of drama. Who's pissed off about their contracts? We shall chat about it. We have some players balling out doing no-look passes. We'll take a look at it and also we'll feel the beat with a couple different teams. They have some storylines developing in the second hour. We will go to Cincinnati. What's going on with T. Higgins and Joey Burrow? We'll talk to Kelsey Conway, who I think is a big fan of ours. That's right. Good news. Right before I go live, everybody tells me she's not a fan of the program because of something that happened with the situation with the contract interview with Jamar Chase. Kelsey's been on the show before. She's been great. She's unbelievable. I just want to let Kelsey know if you're listening or watching out there right now, I was walking right onto the stage excited for a chat and then I was reminded, hey, the whole that's, if it comes up, Kelsey would love to have a chat about it. Would also love a chat about Cincinnati Bengals. That should be fun. That's in the second hour. Matt Schneidman from The Athletic will be on talking about the Green Bay Packers. Are they ever going to pay Jordan Love? Yeah, they are. Are they ever going to pay this guy? They're going to be done. Geez, the disrespect that Jordan Love has had to go through. Easy. He's making it happen. Why is it happening? Why are they delaying? What's the deal? Let's not start this again. And then, obviously, in Pittsburgh, there's say yes uh mark caboli will join us from the athletic in the second hour cannot wait for that chat and then joe pavelski from the dallas stars captain america will join us in the third hour on youtube espn plus and tiktok which is still a thing let's go that clock is ticking though that clock is ticking we need somebody with a lot of money to buy that thing so it can continue to run in about 14 minutes or so we'll be joined by uh emmy award winner kirk herb street wow keith kirkwood yeah we we will talk to keith kirkwood about the uh sports emmys uh that got pulled from his house of course for all the other wins the college game they had but we'll certainly chit chat about the one the game day won last night congrats to kirk and the entire team absolutely congrats to you uh hey my name was uh my name was mentioned in there those suits had to be so mad oh my god the people that vote on those are literally the people that i hate and hate they hate and it's a reciprocated yeah it is a reciprocated thing so anytime you see an award you have to wonder like who's giving that award out? Do you respect their opinion? Do you appreciate their opinion? Well, in the TV world, sports TV world, especially if you see all the people that attended at sports Emmys last night, a lot of people take that very serious and are very, very pumped up about it. The College Game Day crew is certainly more than deserving. That is a great group of people behind the scenes. They're like a family. They work their asses off. Jimmy G needed to get a haircut before last night's conversation. Gave a great speech about Coach Corso and the rest of the crew. Lucky to be a part of that, but we'll talk to Kirk Herbstreit, whose name was not mentioned on the stage. Bye, Jimmy G. James. That was awesome. It was cool. Congrats to the Game Day crew. Congrats to that Ty Schmidt's sweet shirt today, Connor. Yeah, thank you very much. I wasn't really looking for anything this morning just because there was no reason to come here. Yeah, there was. What? The Pacers were supposed to go into D&D Garden with their little shovel and their hoe and maybe even a weed whacker. And their way through all of Boston. Now, obviously the Pacers proved that they should have beat the Celtics last night, that they could have beat the Celtics last night, that they will beat the Celtics, obviously. But they really pissed that thing away at the very end. Couldn't inbound a ball, obviously. Pascoe, Siakam gets it batted away, and then he goes and then all of a sudden, Jalen Brown makes an impossible shot on the Pacers bench. On the Pacers bench on the Pacers but with Siakam literally in his entire face yeah and grill knocks it down if you listen to any interview after the game feels like Jalen Brown is the leader of this team I know Jay Tatum Jay Tatum is who PK talks about and Tatum certainly had a big late fourth quarter into the overtime he was kind of absent there for a while but Brown making that shot is absurd but But obviously it was the basketball gods punishing the Pacers for making decisions that they were making there late. But as I was watching that game, I was thinking to myself, when Tyrese Halliburton pulls up from the actual logo and that is Splash City, I'm like, okay, things are falling here. And then at the end of the third quarter, Tyrese Halliburton gets caught in an unpredictable a uncomfortable situation he does a running forward driveway basketball shot boom back front of rim back front of rim falls it's like Pacers are winning like yeah basketball gods are blessing this Pacers team little old boom boom boom false it's like well if that's falling that is good news for everybody T.J. McConnell was putting the knockoff T.J. McConnell in a blender. Show them this is how you play basketball, kid. If you're going to be the next me, which is what they're saying Pritchard is going to be, well, you're going to have to follow suit. I don't know who made this graphic. Great photo. That was when T.J. Potentially fired. That's when T.J. got crossed up. Potentially fired Eventually fired. This is a fireable offense because this is literally the only time of the entire evening in which T.J. McConnell was chasing Peyton Pritchard. Whoever did this is gone. I hope you're happy. I hope you're happy, Mitt. I hope you're happy, Mitt. Get out, Mitt. It's over, Mitt. Get out, Mitt. The narrative we're pushing is not the same narrative every other sports media is pushing. He's a Pacers fan too I think he looks good he's putting pressure on is what Mitt will say nonetheless T.J. McConnell fantastic came in by on the pass obviously that wasn't a great situation with what they were doing but he was just so silky smooth and then when you talk about Miles Turner at going into the game he was actually leading everybody this postseason with at least 43 point attempts in shooting percentage from three. I said yesterday he'd been shooting like Steph Curry. That's real. Yesterday he hit a little J.T. on the step back three splash. It's like Miles Turner, who's a seven-footer from Texas, who I think for a while they were trying to have him bang underneath and everything like that. He's got a stroke from outside. He's a massive stroke from outside. He's a massive weapon for us. Our team was ready to get that win. And then, obviously, complete meltdown with about a minute left in the game. And then we go into overtime. We can't hit anything. They can. Tatum comes alive. But there were certainly some stats that you would look at and ponder about. What the hell's going on? I love it. I love this. Let's look at Hembo's tweet. You know, we love interesting stats from Hembo. He's a big brain. Got a deep database of numbers he can reach into. The Pacers attempted three free throws in the first 48 minutes of game one. The Celtics, same exact time, 23. Okay. The Pacers went 38 minutes in 38 seconds of game time without attempting any free throws at all. Oh, are they just so technically sound on the Boston side that they're not making any contact with any phantom calls could be called in an NBA official? Now, I saw Tony Brothers out there, which you guys should have been correcting me that entire time. His name is not Tony Peters. I thought it was Peters as well. Tony Brothers was managing the game well. Pacers had the lead all the way up until literally the final eight seconds of the game when Jalen Brown does this thing. We had to make some massive comebacks. Did with no help of the officials. But you look at those numbers, you start wondering, wait a minute, is that an uninvited guest thing really? I don't want to complain. I don't want to complain about it. You are, but... I'm not complaining about it. This is Hembo. You think I called Hembo and said, Hey, Hembo, isn't it a little funny that I haven't seen a single fucking pacer at the foul line? I didn't say that. Did Hembo tell you to make the graphic, too? Well, I certainly said, We need to make this graphic. Just checking. And this is obviously this one uh congratulations gonna be around for a while mitt yeah nice run tj mcconnell chasing peyton i do like the way peyton pritchard plays yes i like the way he moves i like the wiggle on that guy but tj mcconnell's playing at a different level right now and i think peyton pritchard and him will be a good battle but this whole thing is quite a conversation piece now what is the deal and i'm sure rick carlisle pulled from it rick car Carlisle also said, this is my fault that we lost this game. Should have called timeout. Should have advanced the ball on the other side. Then it doesn't even matter. We could have done something different. I like that he'll love them up whenever they need it, and then he'll bury them when they don't. I think the Pacers come back in a big way, but I think last night proved this can be a good series, which I'm pumped about and literally eight seconds away from the Pacers knocking off game one. Instead, Boston steals one at home, which is wild. Yeah, I worry that's not going to be a good series just because of the fact that, you know, they did go seven games to the Knicks. Now game one's going to overtime. Last night I was more worried about that game than any of the other ones coming up here because of the fact that there was that massive layoff, and the Pacers are riding this emotional high, and for that emotional high to just get absolutely slit in the throat, you could say, and it's great. Up five with a minute 30 left, and they should have won the game, not to mention the missed layups at the end. But you mentioned Tatum. He did have some times where he wasn't there, but 10 points in overtime, when it matters most, he steps up. Halliburton forgot how to dribble a couple times. I mean, that isn't going to help him. Well, hold on. Both those times where Halliburton lost the ball, where was it at? Do we have a – It was left side of the court on the fan end here. Oh, it was hard cam side? Yep. Right about half court there? Yeah. Same spot both times. Yeah, yeah. Oh, let's check the wood. Let's check the wood at the garden. I didn't know we'd be having to worry about the wood at TD Garden. There's a chance that the wood's... His knee. Don't worry. It was a dead bounce. A lot of excuses. We know he kicked the ball. We know he was nervous because Drew Holiday was on him. Tyrese Albert is unbelievable. Same with Miles Turner. When I was watching, I thought, okay, maybe there is a chance that this thing isn't a real 10-point spread game. This is much closer. Celtics come out 12-0 run, and then they slowly, the Pacers, just showed like, hey, absolutely, we can go down. We can come back just as well. There were a couple times where both the Celtics and the Pacers went on 8-0, 9-0 runs in 40 seconds. And all of a sudden, whatever lead there was on either side. It was great. Yeah, it was awesome. Because whatever lead there was, even though those basketball games can be kind of, you know, not annoying, but slow, like the Timberwolves and Nuggets game, the Nuggets were up 20. And it was a slow build back for the T-Wolves. Like this one, when the Pacers were up 8, or the Celtics were up 10, 13. In a heartbeat, it felt like the other team just kind of turned it on its head. But it's a great game. It's a great series. I worry that this loss is a little too much for the Pacers. I mean, it could be devastating. Yeah, it's true. It kind of reminds me of when the Cavs lost to the Warriors with the J.R. Smith thing, when they almost stole Game 1. Yeah the wrong game one yeah and he's able the wrong way he thought the score was different and then obviously it was a gentleman's sweep for the warriors but i mean we'll see what happens very very impressed with the pacers what kind of sucks is that it feels as though they're not going to get any respect no matter what so even when the celtics win it's going to be like uh the celtics going to be able to do this you should have seen bro so 10 i mean 30 seconds left in that game. Yeah. I'll leave the bedroom. Go out the living room. Sure. Turn the lights on. Turn the game on. Sure. I got video selfie open. Uh-oh. Open. Open. Yeah. Bright-eyed, bushy-tailed. So many people were about to get it. You know, sportsbooks were going to get it, obviously, for minus 1,000. Celtics are going to win this year. Boston was going to get it just because they were playing against the Celtics. I was even going to take a shot at Joe Mazzullo about how, you know, hey, you want to roll around. You don't think Coach Carlisle could put you in a fucking rear naked choke right now if he wanted to. You know, I was going to. The absurd things only were able to win and then we go into boston game one and beat the hell out of being down didn't blink answer i mean i had a full the brain was just like let's get to zero vibing let's get now with the hulu app oh it's 15 seconds ahead when you have cable it is 15 seconds behind. So game ended in bedroom, which has Hulu, before ended in living room. Sam goes, oh, no, in bedroom. So I'm, what's happening? Then I'm watching it unfold. And it's like, what? We just, and then as soon as it gets over time, you know it's over. You know, you're in absolute deep shit. Yeah, that was in between my wife saying, oh, no, in a different room and me being on a different cable provider. What are we? We won the game. What are we talking? And we lose. And inevitably, there's some more stats that I just maybe got sent to me. Oh, okay. Guess I hate Paul now. Second half of that game, 15 free throws for the Boston Celtics. One for the Indiana Pacers. You tell me, D-Butt, nine-year NFL vet, that sounds alarming. That sounds interesting. We know stats. You can make stats anywhere. And if you know me, you can make them do whatever you want to do. I don't bitch about the refs. We had a chance. Thank you, D-Bud. I'm not bitching. In this series. But we tricked it off. We pissed down our leg. Obviously, Halliburton had to choke, you know, hoodie on after game seven. And we just shot there at the end of our regulation, obviously. And then Jalen Brown just made two unbelievable plays with the steal, knocking it out first. And then that three-pointer in the corner was nuts. So, Rick Carlisle, you know, he tried to take blame. And then I think Halliburton, he obviously took the blame. But it could be devastating. It could be devastating if the Pacers weren't so damn good at home. I don't think they lost a game at March 18th, I heard Austin Rivers say, which is insane. So obviously still want to win in Boston, still got a chance to do that, but it'll be a long series. Yeah, we're playing five on eight. We're used to it. So I'm not bitching about it either. You are bitching about it. I'm not bitching. I'm pointing out stats. Let's look at the rankings of the teams on defense. I'm just looking at the cup. They're not going strong. You see a lot of this. A lot of this. And I get it. Why does he deal with how big Tatum is, by the way? That guy should not be as big as he is. Why is he so large? That is absurd to think about. T.J. McConnell, who is a professional basketball player. Wrapping him up around his knees. He tried to grab his arms. He was reaching straight up like this. He tried to grab his arms. He was reaching straight up like this. Jake Tatum wasn't really around much. It was more Jalen Brown. But I understand what you're saying. I completely understand what you're saying, the style of play. But those stats right there are obviously going to get pointed out by anybody who has two eyes and watched the game. It's like Pacers definitely blew this, 1 million percent. Pacers are saying it. We're saying it. Indiana fans that are watching and Pacer fans that are watching are watching that game, and they're up way late. This game ended late. And then it goes to overtime, and then as soon as the game's over, you've got to go to a full celebration about the Celtics on TV, and it's like, we're supposed to steal this one. Like, it was a long night last night. Nobody was talking about the refs here in Indiana. Just would like that to be known. Just a stat has shown up in our face the next morning where it's like, okay, so we blow it and we're getting screwed. Sweet. Can't wait for game number two. NBA officials, you guys did a great job. At NBA refs, official NBA refs, you guys did a great job. Now, 12-year NFL vet, Universal Records signed rapper, a man whose newest single, All the Smoke smoke dropped at midnight yeah this morning ladies and gentlemen pac-man jones i believe we'll be running the music video for all the smoke uh later this uh next hour i do believe you crushed it on that song's a good one pack you should be good you should feel very good i think about all the smoke here feel real good i'm out right now all platforms the real pac-manMan Jones video on the YouTube. I feel good about it. Tonight we're going to have an after party for the American Dream Tour. Me and Jody will get to perform. Who else on there? I got Young Sin who's going to perform, which is signed to 21 Savage. And Mute Baby will perform too. So it'll be a good night tonight. A lot of stars going to be in the building. Where's this at? It's downtown Cincinnati. Yeah, I thought it was downtown Cincinnati. Downtown Cincinnati. Downtown Cincinnati. We'll find it. Yeah, pull up. Absolutely. Jody Breeze is going to be there. I haven't heard from Jody Breeze in a good bit. He comes out to get strong and all. He does. He looks cool, too. Still got it. Yeah, he definitely does. Song's a good one. Yeah, he's a good one. You know, all the smoke is what seemingly the Celtics want, okay? From the Indiana Pacers. That's right. And you mentioned the celebration after. It didn't feel like a celebration on the Celtics players' end. You know, they realized. They didn't round through his headset. Yeah, exactly. They're pissed off. So it's a whole new Celtics team going. It's kind of quiet in there, too. What do you mean? TD Garden. Yeah, a lot of people bitching that ESPN is kind of just blocking out the crowd noise from the Garden because like to hear it, but it's more so about the energy in the building that I care about. I like to hear crowd noise. Love it. Absolutely love it. You're saying the ESPNs, they're saying the ESPNs, because I just thought it was quiet in the arena. My natural thought is, oh, it's quiet in the arena. No, they were shutting it down. You knew right off the tip, actually, because after the first play, we go down score after we steal the ball and then Al Horford blocks somebody and he's running the fast break but they called it a basket. Al Horford couldn't even hear the whistle and then he actually ran by the referee. So it was that. That's a part of it though. Big poppies courtside dropping F-bombs all game long. He looks so cool. That flat bill in his sunglasses. He's a beast. Drake May was sitting there next to somebody. Is that his brother? Drake May was sitting there next to somebody. Was that his brother? No, that was not his brother. Maybe a cousin, maybe an agent. I wasn't really sure who that was. Didn't love it, but I was pumped that he was there at court. I would have thought Luke May might have been there, but I do believe Luke is still playing overseas with Turkey. What just happened? Does that say what I think it says? Okay. That was chicken thighs. Yeah. Zoom that out. Yeah. That's how our show communicates. So, good luck in there, Tony. Okay, Tony. We just talked to Tony about how he's feeling. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Right? Yeah, right out there. He said only once, right, I think is what he was talking about. He was eating a big salad over there. Yeah. He might have had a little, you know, some of that lettuce. Oh, no. Vegetation gets to you. One white, one dew white. E. coli? That's right. Hey, you got dew whites in there. Remember, we got one per flush. Yeah. One per flush in there. Look like he's going to drop massive bombs. That's why our problem with talk is so big. Talk just lets these things sit in the toilet and stack up like it's a portage on. And then he tries to flush it at the end and it's like, pal, the hole's only so big. Your ass just created something it's not supposed to create. I'm done with it. That's the bathroom he uses, too. Talk? Yeah. Oh, Dick just walked into a 2002 Cadillac Escalade shit that's been sitting there. Absolutely. All right. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man who is hopefully – we're pulling for you, Tony. Good luck, Tony. Top business, Tony. He can't hear us right now. Joining us now is a man who can also hear us. He's an Emmy Award-winning broadcaster. Damn. Yeah. Not just in the booth for college football primetime games on Saturday night, and I assume in the future for Thursday night football, in the booth alongside Al Michaels and everything like that, but because of the work that he does for College Game Day as the face of college football. A president of Ohio, ladies and gentlemen, the voice of the video game we all love. NCAA Football 25. Kirk Herbstreit. What's up? How we doing? Better than Diggs' asshole. I don't know if you saw it. Diggs just had to poop out of nowhere. The most unprofessional show continues to draw up even lower. We appreciate you joining us in the middle of this chaotic time for us, Herbie. Yeah, I thought that happens to Ty normally. Yep. That's why it's a big deal. Yeah, I thought that happens to Ty normally. Yep. That's why it's a big deal. Yeah, it typically does. How about it? Well, all the shit he was just eating. Yeah. Dude, Tone? Yeah. Well, Tone has gotten skinnier somehow while still eating. Yep. Like, he'll have, like, P.F. Chang's delivered here. He might. And then he'll have, like, something. It don't. I really just jogged my feet. Change spicy chicken. Oh, my God. Shrimp fried rice. Shrimp fried rice. That's a bad time. All right. Tony. Quick. Here we go. Here we go now. Well, with you being back, College Football Talk, and the game, there was no way he was going to miss it. No, can't miss it. Hey, way to go, Tony. We're proud to you, buddy. Congrats to you. That's your first, right? That's your first. You have to put that there in the set. Put it right on the desk. So what are you guys going to call me? Pete? Pete? I guess we already got him. Pete McConfie? Pete McConnell? What are you guys going to call me? Because I don't get what you don't. You got yours taken out of there. Yeah, I had eight taken out of my house. Eight? Damn. Eight? Yeah. Eight. Was it like the lazy lizard towing people? What was it? Lizard lick towing? Yeah, lizard lick. They came in and repo that thing? They called and for people that don't know, when College Game Day wins or any of these shows win an Emmy, when the show does, I was naive to the whole thing. I thought, obviously, the people on the set would get an Emmy. So all these years, I didn't know what was going on. I was not privy to that information i just thought hey it finally came where's it where's it's been i stuck it on the mantle and we kind of moved on and uh and then last year or two years ago they said oh no that was not supposed to go to you guys on the set so we got to take them all back and i was like well i'm not at my house at Nashville. You're going to have to go get them. They're like, okay, no problem. They went down and got them and took eight of my 13 of them out of the house. And then I guess, again, I don't follow this as closely as a lot of the people. I think after that they changed the rule, I think. And now if game day wins one, now I think guys like you, all the schleps, guys like me and you and Dez and Reece. Coach. I think we accidentally get one now, like legally get one. I think technically it's our ninth, but it would be our first one that we actually are supposed to actually have in our house. Hey, never forget your first. Congratulations. Has his actual name on it? Well, the other ones did too, right? No, I thought it was Keith Underwood. No, Kirk. Wasn't it Keith? What was my name? I don't even know. I don't even know. Keith Kirkwood. Keith Kirkwood. Keith Kirkwood. There it is. That was your name. We were actually going to call you that and only that forever. That was going to be like this. Sounds like a porn name. Sounds like a porn name. Oh, Keith with that Kirkwood. Okay, Keith. Yeah. All right, Keith slinging that Kirkwood. All right. Congratulations on a big win, Jimmy G. Hey, congrats to you. Congrats to you, bud. Congrats. I know you're proud of that. Hey, congrats to both of you. Congrats to both of you guys. You beautiful sons of bitches did it again, huh? Crush. Congrats, Pat. Congrats, Pat. Hey, hey, how are you guys? Good work, boys. Good work, boys. Yeah. Come on. Let's Here's for Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! Abby! I just enjoyed your last day. You know what's even a bigger deal? Is the show. I've been on the show, I think, 29 years this year. And we've always had some pretty good ratings. But it turns out our highest rated years in the history of college game day have been the last two years of the show so to me mr host i think you should back into sports that's all it is people are getting back into sports and it's great to be a part of the team it's great team over there and everybody deserves it, including Mr. Keith Kirkwood himself. Yeah. So we are, I mean, you're copped on over there. I know everybody that is behind the scenes knows that. Like, you know, he's the quarterback of the team. So that is how it goes. And obviously Coach Corso has been a face of college football for so long and a character and what you guys have done to grow the sport to be the number two sport in the United States of America behind the NFL and that's why if you get offered an opportunity to be on that show if you're in the sports world it's literally you can't say no to that that is an automatic yes because of everything that you guys have built over the 30 years of doing an incredible broadcast every single Saturday morning that has become an institution that everybody does. It's a part of, like, your day. Well, I wake up on Saturday. Well, I watch College Game Day. Then we get into our games. Then maybe we do some errands if we have to, if there isn't a game on. Then we're back to watch who? The handsome Centerville Elk and Chris Fowler on Saturday night. And then, bang, Bang, we're right into Sunday NFL football. That's just how falls go. So congrats to you guys for all the incredible work, and I'm happy to see you guys picking up another trophy, this one actual for the people on the screen doing the show and all the people behind the scenes. I hope they obviously all get one as well. Everybody behind the scenes gets one. They should, obviously. You're talking to the wrong guy. I obviously don't know the rules when they took eight out of my house. Okay, all right. Yeah, yeah. How that works. But you're right. There are so many people that will be fired up about this. But congratulations again. I know we're busting balls here. But honestly, you do the same thing on that set. But when people ask me about you being on the show, you're a very polarizing character for the college game day crowd. I'd say. And what I try to explain to people is you have no idea the energy that he brings, and you have no idea the kind of teammate he is. I tell you, when you want a lot of – They're telling you to stop. They're telling you to stop right now kirkwood it's getting uncomfortable dude i'm you can get uncomfortable but the the guy's sitting around you right now now the energy you bring uh to the show has been i think has been very very big for a lot of the people on the show but the teammate like you put your hat in your hand to the show and showed respect to Lee Corso, to the College Game Day brand like you just talked about. And you just won the room over right away. So as much as you're kind of having fun saying congrats to me, it's really congratulations to what you brought to the show. Honestly, dude. And we look forward to many, many years together with you on the College Game Day set. Well, thank you for all that. That was very kind. You're the man. You got your contract worked out, right, for next year and beyond? Many, many years, Kirk. Many, many years. Yeah, I don't know if that's the case, but it will get figured out. It will. Yeah, it will. It will. It was an honor. It is an honor to be a part Of college game day And literally you It's an ongoing honor Yeah of course The honor goes on Forever The honor goes on forever and ever It better You guys are epitome of class over there So I'm very grateful How about Big Red joining the team too And picking up I.M.E. the way. Matty Garrett. Does Matty Garrett get one? Will you throw one to him? He's got such a huge jughead. You see that helmet right there? What size hat do you think he wears? I think he said it was like a 10. No. It's the biggest hat I've ever seen in my life. I think so. Act was like a 10, yeah. I think it was like a... No. It's the biggest head I've ever seen in my life. I think so, yeah. Dude, actual size of that helmet right there, that guy. For sure. Yeah, he's a good golfer, too. Put it on. Put it on, Kyle. Yeah, that is Matt Garrett's actual head right there, big red. He's been in... There we go. Connor. That looked good, kid. I like that. Remember, A.J. Dillon used to get a little bit of that. That was A.J. Dillon's biggest nightmare. I got a big head. Thank you very much. I didn't play much. You did. We saw you tackle A.J. Dillon. A couple plays. One or two. Connor looks like he's going to fill that A gap on you as a middle linebacker, doesn't he? There Oh, yeah. There's Matt Garrett. There's Big Red. Look at that jugger. There he is. He looks normal, right, with the proper ratio to his body, you think? Yeah. No, that's a big head. The big head. But I don't think you can fully tell from this photo how large it is. It is. Golfer. Big time golfer. Yeah. He loves to hit the sticks, loves finding hats that fit. And I'm going to be honest, his energy is fantastic. I've been a big fan of his since he came over from NFL Sunday Countdown, I think, this past year. Yeah. And was with the Game Day crew. And I'm not, you know, a lot of people that have been a part of the Game Day crew have been there for a long, long, long time. So I'm not in any position to say shit about anything, although I'm very thankful for the kind of things that you said. It's like him coming in there has been magical, and Coach Saban joining you guys is wild to think about. He seems to be very comfortable, too, in potentially changing the way college football is going to be in the future. I think he wants to help in a big way, and College Game Day is obviously a great platform to do so. Excited for the future for College Game Day. Hell yeah. He'll be joining us this fall starting in Dublin, Ireland, which will be a fun – by the way, we've got to get that trip figured out. That would be for another time that we can figure that out. Me, you, and Coach definitely got to put our minds together on that. You're flying Coach? Is that what you said? You said you and coach? Me, you, and Coach Saban got to put our heads together on that trip. Yeah, I mean, let's just say there was a trip to Ireland that somebody was contractually signed to. Oh, you're going. You're going. Okay. The boys could go, too. The boys got to go over to Dublin. We got to see it together. It's pretty expensive. Yeah, Keith, I mean, this isn't just some operation that happens overnight, brother. I've heard the football community in Ireland is big, though. I've seen them at a couple different events. They're like the representatives of, like, Football Ireland, I think. It's Pro Football Ireland. They're very, very passionate. It should be fantastic. Need to stop by Conor McGregor's Black Forge dinner. You know what I mean? It looks like they got steaks over there cooking up. He's always in the losing, but not now because he's got a fight coming up. I'm excited to get over to Dublin. It should be a blast, if it all works out how it is. We will certainly be flying as a team. Right over there, and then we'll be turning that thing around and we'll be flying yeah right bring it back yeah yeah yeah we certainly will that'll be how that whole thing will work out let's talk uh college football a lot of news came out about the debut of the new game which is highly anticipated for decades now at this point like 10 years uh at this point people have been waiting for this you guys have all been releasing footage is that matt garrett no no go ahead all right i will i will uh you reese chris pollock i believe um who else uh voiceovers in a video game uh we've seen i think jesse palmer's in there yep we've all seen video of the voiceovers that's been taking place. Reese put on here that it's been, I forget how many, 250 hours or something like that of voicing over and having to call it. And I know from Michael Cole's experience with WWE 2K, he has to continue to call and have to call every situation that could potentially come up. I assume you guys have been doing this for a while now. How long have you been eagerly awaiting the release of this new game, and how long have you been working on this whole thing, and how do you think it's going to go? Have you seen it at all? I've not seen it yet, other than what they released the other day. But I've talked with them. I'm trying to understand the difference between, let's say, Madden. I've talked with them. I'm trying to understand the difference between, let's say, Madden. Everybody's played Madden over the years. And the college game, you know, for me, the college game was always very different because of, I thought it's always done a really good job of capturing, like you see here, with what they released, the traditions of the sport, the uniforms, the marching bands, the stadiums, just all of it. So I think they're taking that to another level after 10 years of being out and coming back. I think the graphics will blow people away from everything I've been told. You know, I think if you go back to when Madden really started to take off, you know, John Madden got very involved in that video game of his. And I think his game really impacted how games are broadcasted the views you get you know that that uh sky cam behind the quarterback you know that that really was a cool look that i think initially we saw on madden and then i think it developed into the college game now we see it every every saturday and sunday when we watch games um you know i reached out to ea because I wanted to be able to say something because they've been tight-lipped on a lot of the stuff, and they continue to be. They said one of the cool things about this year with the 12-team college football playoff, that format, this game will be out months before the season actually starts. And while we're all trying to adjust to realignment you know think about the pac-12s gone you know stanford and cal and the acc what's going on in the big 10 what's going on in the big 12 the sec getting texas and oklahoma and there's just so much change going on that they're feeling that this um you know, in a monumentally different year of the sport, that this game and the new rules with the bracket and who gets to, you know, who gets to buy, all those kind of things, by the time people play this game, they think it'll really help them adjust to the season and, you know, what to expect in the season just by playing the game and that type of stuff so um the game is still like they won't get into dynasty mode with me they're still kind of trying to hide some of that stuff but they said if you looked at what they released that trailer they said you know you could see the army flex bone that they're running the playbooks the gameplay just making it feel like college is a major priority for these guys and everything that they've done in producing this game. So there's a ton to be fired up about. And as a gamer, you know, myself used to, back in the day anyway, used to be a diehard gamer. What did you guys play? Tetris? Solid? No, dude. Unfortunately, Joey Galloway is like 482 and 3 against me. He's a complete ass. Joey Galloway's a dog. Chopping down trees. Yeah. You see that in the backyard? Chopping down trees and he's burying putts the next day. I don't know about burying the putts, but he's chopping a lot of trees down. Yeah, he actually posts more missed putts than anybody else in the history of social media, which I appreciate. Stay humble. He's big on that. If Pac-Man in his prime and Joey in his prime had a race, who would have won that? Amen. Joe, what did joey run i i think it was a four two something 418 it says online which is yeah that's what i heard growing up who's the four yeah four could have been a 418 four yeah but that was back whenever you guys were literally using sundials yeah unofficial you know what i mean now it's like uh meanwhile georgia wide receiver joey galloway ran a 418 second 40th combine before having digital time so it's like, meanwhile, Georgia wide receiver Joey Galloway ran a 4-1-8 second 40th combine before having digital time, so it's another hand timer situation. Still, he's moving. It's hand time. Was that you on the other side of that? 4-1-8? Those days are awesome. Let's say it's a 4-2-3. I don't know. It's still pretty quick. Absolutely, but also a tenth of a second is Let's say it's a 4-2-3. I don't know. It's still pretty quick. Absolutely. But also a tenth of a second is a big difference. A tenth of a second is... That much. I believe it. I was his teammate for about a month in New England. He was probably 40-something years old. So whatever that shit, I believe it. I don't believe everything Wikipedia puts up, but I believe that. After meeting Joey, me too. You know, because Joey would come out and say, no, that's not real. I feel like in a self-deprecating, very hostile way. You know, he would assassinate himself so hard, I think. And then he would punch me. Then he would punch me. I love Joey Gallagher. But let's get back to the game here before the boys have some questions about some other stuff. I'm not a gamer. Nothing about the Reds. We're not talking baseball. Video games is good. Thursday night football. Anything, anywhere you want to go. Look at the Pittsburgh Titans. Baseball season. I don't know if you heard about it. The Pacers are playing. We got hockey tonight. Rangers. We got a lot going on. Baseball is officially over. I know you're a big media market guy, so you say the Rangers. You don't bring up the Sunrise Florida Panthers. I'm for the Panthers because of Bob. Bob was with the Blue Jackets most of his career until the Panthers stole him. Blue Jackets are a hockey team in Ohio that suck. You're not the only team in Ohio that suck. Oh. Yeah, but they're not the only team in Ohio that suck. The Cincinnati Reds are the laughingstock of Major League Baseball. And I want to get back to College Football 25 for sure, but to talk about baseball is certainly a ratings killer, they say. If you want to win a sports Emmy, you're not talking baseball. But let's talk about about Cincinnati Reds. Ever since the opening day of last year, I do believe the baseball gods said, this team has sucked for a long, long time, but now it's going to be worse than ever. You remember when your owner said this last year at opening day? Cincinnati opening day, big deal. They have a parade through the entire city. They love baseball. Baseball is great, they say in cincinnati and then the owner comes out and says this while wearing bright red pants that's that's the bottom sloney asked you about the quote show a little faith in us right yeah and i i saw you got raked through the cold so you have people who say look uh faith has earned 15 years of ownership they haven't won to the extent that we would like and so you had had my faith, but you've lost it. Why should that fan maintain trust in you? Well, where are you going to go? Let's start there. I mean, sell the team to who? I mean, that's the other thing. I mean, you want to have this debate? You know, if you want to look at what would you do with this team to have it be more profitable, make more money, compete more in the current economic system that this game exists, it would be to pick it up and move it somewhere else. And so be careful what you ask for. I think we're doing the best we can do with the resources that we have. We're no more pleased with the results than the fans. I'm not sitting here saying anybody should be happy. I'm not polishing any trophies in the office right now, and that's what we're here to do. But the bottom line is, and I do think we've had to shift the discipline. We've tried a lot of things that didn't work, and they came this close to working and did not. Nobody's got to tell me it didn't work. You know what I mean? Yeah, I get it. So I think we've learned from those things. So, Herbie, you know, your owner even says, boo-hoo, so what? You guys suck. Watch the games or take a hike. between the Reds and an organization like the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Pittsburgh Pirates are an organization that invest in their team and in their future and want their fans to be the happiest. That's why they got the Hundo boys as two starting pitchers. That's why they got Cruz hitting baseballs off the bat faster than anybody in the history. That's the difference between a good organization like the Pittsburgh Pirates and a shit organization like the Cincinnati Reds. Herbie, I know you used to like baseball. Not as much as me, obviously. And you might have some high school records in baseball from most home runs hit in the history of high school. You're maybe a better baseball prospect than you were a football prospect. But your dad was a football coach. You actually wanted to just be a starting quarterback for Ohio State than to face college football. Probably could have played baseball professionally. You don't know baseball as well as me. The Reds suck, right? I mean, that's just a part of it. And you guys wish you were the Pirates? Is that accurate? I just want to say to Phil Castellini that Pac-Man Jones and I had nothing to do with pulling that sound bite back from two years ago. Well, you tell me. That thing lives forever, pal. That was Eddie and Rocky on the show. That's right. That was Eddie and Rocky. I don't know about all that stuff. I'm a baseball fanatic. I'm a dinosaur. Like me. I like baseball. When pitchers and catchers show up in February, I'm dialed in on the Reds. Love it. Get your stance. Get your stance. Yeah, yeah. It's what we do, baseball guys. We hold back. Dig in. Dig in. I don't have to against the Reds. Against the Reds, I just stand like this. No. No, no, no. That's just because our manager's going in in the third inning. We up 3-0, and fucking Dave goes in like the game is over with. Come back out, lose the whole league, and we up 3 and end up losing. What are you talking about? David Bell, he was throwing chairs last night. He's losing it. He's coming out blue. Why are we talking about baseball? Well, he brought it up. He brought it up. Reds suck. Yeah. Pac-Man, when was the last time we scored three runs? Nobody cares! You guys can't score three runs because you guys suck. The Reds get three hits a game. Those four three runs. Let's move on. The Reds suck. That's just kind of how... The Reds' rotation, their pitching is good enough to compete. They got Ellie. Everybody's excited. And I don't put it on all. They've got so many injuries. I don't care because they weren't hitting before the injuries. They're not hitting after the injuries. They cannot. I don't know if they practice hitting. I don't know if they take batting practice. They cannot. The white thing coming in, you're supposed to use the thing you're holding. You're supposed to hit it. They haven't figured that part out yet, unfortunately. Well, maybe someday. Maybe you go seat up for the Reds and figure it out. I don't know if Castellini can get enough money to pay you, though. With the resources we got, we're doing the best we possibly can. Let's get back to a sport that matters right now, which is a video game that you're the voice of. So I'm a terrible video game player, but I will play this game so you learn all the you learn everybody yeah on every team now there's names on the back of jerseys as well as opposed to back in the day people had to go in there and edit it and make it all happen i think it's going to be great for the sport great for the game and obviously there's some players that aren't in but 2k or what is it ncaa football it's not 2k though ea sports they're just gonna have to negotiate with the exact person, I assume. Like Archie Manning allegedly did not sign the $250 deal or whatever it was to get into the video game. So they'll just have to negotiate with him directly. I think this is going to be a massive success, a smashing success. And with the way the graphics look and obviously how much diligence has been to the voiceover work, I'm excited to play, brother. I cannot wait to get in there. So how the players get paid? Anybody who signs on to play gets $600. There it is. And then the star players, I think, are doing their own individual ambassador deals. Makes sense. Where they'll do social media deals. So you're dealing with like a Quinn Ewers or any of these high-profile guys that are on the cover. Donovan Edwards. Whoever that is. They and their marketing agent will work deals out where they'll make, I'm sure they won't disclose what they're making, but they'll make much more money than the $600 that the right guard for Southern Miss is going to make. So I think anybody who signs up for it gets $600. Johnson. Johnson puts a hand in the dirt down there. It's hot down there in Southern Mississippi. It's hot down there in southern Mississippi, too. He is. All right, let's move to the NFL. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Keith, obviously last year after the draft, you kind of pronounced the Lions as the best team and had the best draft, and you were 100% correct. After this year's draft, do you have a strong feeling around any other team and how they did their draft or did you think it kind of went as planned because there were so many guys slotted aside from penix to atlanta i i don't know you know what they're got the helmet still going i i told you guys late in the year because i happened to have the bears a couple times and i think i said to you guys then that i feel like the bears are headed to becoming the next Lions as far as the improvement from where they were to where they're headed. You did. And the reason I tell you that is not only the movements that they made. Remember I tell you about Sweat, Montez Sweat coming over. They got healthy in their secondary. Their defense is incredible with the pickups that they had at linebacker going into last year. But I think it was just every time I kept thinking, are they going to fire Iberflues? Are they going to fire him like every other franchise does? And I'd get on a Zoom with him to get ready to call a game. And he just had like authentic energy that I think his players really rallied around and believed in. And I thought it maybe initially it was just kind of show but as it went on and I saw how the team responded to him I thought man this team I think really likes this guy and they're really responding to him and then the way they finished the year and then the moves of course that they made with uh with DJ Morton last year picking up Keenan Allen Roma Doomsday comes over in the draft and And then you put a lot on what the rookie quarterback's going to do with Caleb Williams. But there is a lot there to me to think that the Bears could be kind of a team that you get to week three, week four, week five, and you think, what the hell happened to the Bears? Now, that's putting a lot on Caleb, but at least they put a lot more pieces around him than Justin had to work with. So I'm excited to see what happens there. And, you know, these quarterbacks, some people say it's best to sit for a year. The way Penix, Michael Penix will do in Atlanta, some think it's great if you can go in with players around you to play. We saw what happened to Bryce Young last year. I think Bryce, by the way, with some of the pieces they put around him, has a chance to have a bounce-back year. But to answer that, I would say the Bears look to be the team, I think, that has a chance to surprise. I'll be pumped if Bryce Young has a much better year because of how bad it got last year. They were playing in front of 35 people at the end of that year last year and then obviously all the semantics outside and of it you know we had a cup thrown potentially from front of the program on a fan i mean you're talking full show fan uh first year head coach see ya everybody i mean it was uh that's a full shit show to start your career hopefully you'll be able to get back on track and the boys will ask about canalis not to go on that but canalis is gonna be a great fit for bryce on just as far as relating to him trying to find out what works for him trying to build this thing around him he did a great job with bake last year in tampa i i i think that was a great hire and i think because of what he's working with and the year that he's coming off of bryce young you know he's going to see some some ghosts probably a little bit like canalis is a a guy that's going to work on the psyche of the quarterback as much as the XOs. So I think that has a chance to really work out for him. Okay, we'd like to see the Steph Curry of the NFL come to fruition down there in Carolina with Bryce Young. Obviously the highlights in Alabama were phenomenal. Hoping to see some of those. Last question for me before the boys ask about all those things. You mentioned about the Chicago Bears being the team you're looking for, and obviously the NFC North is stacked right now, and it's going to be tough no matter what. Caleb Williams, it feels like you're the perfect guy to, baby, break down how you think he's going to do. Obviously, you're an NFL commentator. You kick off every single week on Thursday Night Football with Amazon, which I know D-Butts can't wait to chat about, but also for how many games you called of his with college football, watching him not only at USC but at Oklahoma, coming out of high school. It's like, what do you think of Caleb Williams' peak maybe in the NFL, and how do you think it goes? Do you think it's a thing that's going to take a little bit? Obviously, everything is situational, but the guy that he is, the player that he is, how do you think it fits in the men's league now that you're obviously a massive part of it? I think the biggest thing that got me excited about was what I saw on social media the other day with Tom Brady sitting down with him and Jay-Z talking to all those quarterbacks about, I think Tom was very direct when he said, listen, my thing with your guys' generation is a lot of you guys are are it's about you and your social media and your brand. And he said, which is fine. You're just not going to win any games. It's about us. It's about 53 guys trying to win games. And I was watching when he was talking. Caleb Williams was staring into his eyes. And I'm not saying he's a me-me guy, but he is a product of his generation. And I think sitting down with the greatest to ever do it and hear him say that right to him, I'm hoping really resonates because the kid has off-the-charts physical ability. He needs to quit worrying about if he is or the comparisons, he's better than Patrick Mahomes. What he needs to worry about is not scrambling on every play, not trying to score a touchdown on every play. Take the layups, especially with the players that the Bears have put around him. If he can consistently just make plays, throw it away, not have to be Superman on every single series. Because in the NFL, for every play he makes, he's going to make two if he keeps playing that way. They're going to be either pick sixes or sacks with a fumble just just throw the ball away just make plays and occasionally you need to make that play with your feet but if he'll just stay within the confines of the offense and trust the guys around him and just not worrying about living up to any any certain standard or hype then i think his physical ability is scary but he just has to be consistent with the little things in the game. And if he does, I'm really excited to see what he can do this year. I think his home screen, you talk about Tom Brady talking to him, I think his home screen has, like, beat Brady in Super Bowls. Like, gets seven Super Bowls or gets eight Super Bowls. He's very open about being the greatest ever. Like, not, and he's not like, I want to be the greatest ever. Like, not, and he's not like, I want to be the greatest ever. Like, dead serious, greatest ever. Love it. Got to have that mentality before you can become it, obviously. A lot of people have had that mentality. But maybe that's something you put on your mirror in your bathroom. You know, I don't know. I just think right now you're a rookie quarterback. You know, you're just trying to win your team over and i think he is being incredibly humble when you you see him and you listen to him talk uh but i'm just going back to his college days like he he was uh you know that that's why i think he he put himself in some places where people were constantly trying to pick at him because of some of the things that he said either on social media or his fingernails where he put fu you know to know, to Notre Dame or Utah or whatever he did. And I think there, I think he's like all of us, you learn through things, right? And I think he's able to, I'm sure, learn through that and humble himself and now just try to be the best leader he can be for a team that's got a shot to maybe be a playoff team. Mentally, I'd say 80% of guys that go in the NFL would like to be the greatest of all time. Yeah. They're just, there's like 20% of guys just, well, I'm trying to make team here. He's trying to make team, trying to, they have a, but as rookies going in, you know, like even as I was a human that didn't know how to punt in the, like NFL style of punting, going into the league, and on my mirror it said, become the greatest of all time. Because that drives you. That works you. That makes you want to do stuff. I think Tom Brady, who is the greatest of all time, I don't know if Tom Brady, when he was a rookie coming out of Michigan, I don't know if he thought deep down in his brain, I'm going to be the best to ever do it. He told Robert Kraft, he said, I'm the best decision you ever made. That is definitely a guy that has, yeah, I'm just saying, I think Tom Brady was focused on the team. I think Tom Brady was focused on winning, winning, winning, winning. It was all about winning for Tom Brady. You're right. I agree. And it is a different generation. But, like, him saying it is not putting public pressure, obviously, on him to do it. But it feels like he doesn't mind it. And he's going to, what's that? And it's there, too. Anyway, like you said, 80% of us, but 99% of us, those expectations aren't there. When you compare it to Patrick Mahomes coming out, when you are like, hey, if Caleb Williams was in the same draft with Peyton and Trevor Lawrence and Andrew Luck, we'd take this guy. So the expectations are there. So, I mean, I appreciate him putting it on him and putting it out there, too, but the pressure will there. But going back to the NFL and obviously Amazon and Thursday night football, we talked about it last week or whenever the NFL full schedule came out, you know, what we look at as former players, you know, the cold games, the primetime games, all these different things. What do you look at when that schedule is released for you guys? I don't know how you guys felt when you looked at it. It's obviously the third time we've taken a peek, you know, and? The games that you think are the best, a lot of times, as you know, Darius, the injuries and teams don't have great years. It ends up not being great. But initially, opening up with Buffalo at Miami for us, I love it. I mean, how can you not? With Tua and Josh Allen going head-to-head. We got Aaron Rodgers in his first home game the next week with the Patriots. We've got, I think, 12 divisional matchups. That's good. That's what Thursday night used to be. Thursday night used to be divisional, like, rivalry night. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we could go right down the list of games. Look at week three. Cowboys with the Giants. I know the Giants are coming off a down year, but that's got a chance to be a good one. Sam Fran in Seattle is another one that stands out to me. Getting Aaron Rodgers back home, again, if he's healthy. Having C.J. Stroud come into town on Halloween is cool. I grew up in the Ohio area, so I love the old AFC Central, but Cincinnati with Joe Burrow, where he got injured, by the way, going to take on the reigning MVP, Lamar Jackson. You got Pittsburgh and Cleveland. I mean, those just sound good. Black Friday, the Raiders and the Chiefs. We got Green Bay and Detroit, again, with the Rams and San Fran, the Bengals and the Browns. I mean, it's on paper, man, as we sit here in May, it's a schedule that kind of gets your juices flowing a little bit. Pumped up about it. You remember the first year you guys were on there, it was horrendous. And now we're in a spot where we're going to get going. I love it. I'm pumped to watch you guys kick off each week for us. And you got a lot of rivalry games on there, which is great news. Pac Pac has one last question for you as we have a hard out in two minutes. Just as you've won. I know. I got you. You've won Emmys. No, no, no. You've won Emmys as two different people. So you got this figured out. You know what I mean? You got it figured out. Go ahead, Pac, man. Before you get out of here, the kid Jaden who was committed to Florida didn't get the money from Billy. Billy premised him a million dollars 13 13 million dollars uh he's supposed to get there then he ended up going to georgia he's now suing um billy for what 13 5 8 5 um do you think this is going to be popping up a little bit more often with some of these guys not handling the the nil deals on paperwork well again this is this is like uncharted waters like when it when he left i think a lot of us when quinn ewers left ohio state i think a lot of us thought well i guess he didn't honor his commitment so he didn't get his money i have no idea if these are contracts that are signed if they're promises um i i know i really never know if the players at fault or the university the fact that that this player i don't know the details of this player with jayden rashada what's going on there uh if he wins it'll open up the floodgates for sure uh pac-man to to see others that will eventually try to do the same thing i just i'm floored that a high school quarterback was promised 13.8 million dollars without even what the hell has happened to college football it's one thing if bryce young as an established star in alabama can create that kind of money or caleb williams but to bribe a high school player it's allegedly allegedly allegedly if they did it if they did it that's that's sad that that's where we are in the sport. Yeah, and I think it's like an eye-opening for a lot of people that think maybe something's happening, but $13.8 million didn't go to that extent at all. Ladies and gentlemen, the voice of college football 25 in the voice of college football and Thursday night football. Ladies and gentlemen, baseball aficionado, Kirk Herbstreit. Congrats on the Emmy, Kirk. We'll be back in hour two with A.J. Hawkins. Feel the beat. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. In an abandoned warehouse, Arthur Isaac Fischel, the world's AI authority, has summoned the Earth's most influential doofuses for an emergency meeting about the terrifying powers of artificial intelligence. Antonio Margherita, influencer from Bitly. Vladimir Brovoshnikovsky. Chad Speed. Jim. We catch up with them mid-dinner as Artie Fish tries his damnedest to get the influencer's attention. Yes, that'll work. Thank you. Scram. Let's get down to brass tacks, boys. The real reason we're here. AI is a problem. It's going to kill us all. It's hard to take this seriously, the way your face looks right now. I mean, you look like a fucking asshole. What are you talking about? Oh, the only thing artificial is those fucking balls you call balls. You look absolutely absurd. You guys don't understand. You're not listening to me, okay? I'm wearing this because AI can hear your thoughts. It can get into your brain, guys. You ain't got no fucking brain. Once again, struggling to take anything you say serious. My team told me I should come to this. You look like a joke. You look like a joke. Fucking absolute jerk-off. Does this look like a joke. You look like a joke. You look like an absolute jerk-off. Does this look like a joke? Huh? That's a nuclear bomb! Nah, that's very good. Just like... Fucking Batman puts marbles in plastic case. You need a, you need a boom bomb, I think. You guys aren't listening! This right here, AI gave to me. A nuclear freaking bomb. me the only way to save this screwed up world is to blow it up This guy wait Hey, wake up, that's what you wouldn't hit somebody. Oh, yeah, don't you worry? This one is Foolproof I got it. I brought it here boys Not just for show. What? Because I'm gonna blow up the world right now! Holy shit! That's Jakar! Turns out, that was an actual nuclear bomb. Arthur Isaac Fischel was going to blow the entire world up, and Jack Carr saved us all. It was his actual first shot. And Artie Fisch is actually dead. Forever. Thank the Lord that Jack Carr Sends trouble. Hell yeah, Jack Carr. Hell yeah. The following program is a collection of students Talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show Do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's. Go. This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, you pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't stop! We won't stop! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Football Wednesday, May 22nd, 2024, our tour of this program starts now. Football! Today is the title of today's show because there's a lot going on in the football world. We just got done talking to Kirk Herbstreit about the new college football game that's going to be coming out here relatively soon and also an entire NFL season that he's eager to call for Thursday Night Football. We are just 106 days away from the NFL season kicking off with the Ravens and the Chiefs taking place, but we are in the middle of a glorious time right now in other sports as well. We're in conference finals time. Last night the Pacers gave away a win to the Boston Celtics this evening. The Timberwolves will take on the Dallas Mavericks, and also the New York Rangers will drop the puck against the Florida Panthers in the first game of the Eastern Conference Finals in the NHL, it is a wonderful time to be alive. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to be a part of your life. The Talks table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Ty, we'll be talking to Schneidman here in a little bit whenever we feel the beat about Packers football. What do we need to know about the Packers? Everything's hunky-dory. Yeah, almost 100% attendance rate for all the off-season workouts and all that kind of stuff. Everyone's showing up for OTAs. And Jordan Love doesn't seem too distracted by the fact that he doesn't have a new contract yet. He knows he's going to be getting about $100 million a year here very shortly. Will they? We don't know. We don't know. We do know. Blash Schneidman. One half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys 10 digs is here. We're going to be to Mark Caboli too and feel the beat about Pittsburgh Steelers talk. I like the way Justin Fields is talking and also how Russell Wilson is handling the post-Denver Bronco failure. Yeah, I mean, they both look awesome out there. Number two, number three, they look really really good. They are throwing some really really good balls and some huge breaking news for Pittsburgh today too. What's that, pal? Finally. Finally! The NFL draft is coming back to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 2026. It's going to be awesome. That's right, Pittsburgh. That place is going to show up. Now, I will say, no, it's football. No, no, no. What were you going to say? Up in Detroit, it seemed everybody was hunky-dory. It seemed like there was a lot of, hey, how you doing? Good to see you. You know? Sure. There There is a chance in Pittsburgh that it gets a little later into the rounds and people are a little bit more boozed up, that there's a little chirping that ends up happening. I think they should keep eyes on the Yenzers out there, but I do believe Pittsburgh is going to show up in a massive way for this. It's not going to turn into the Southside. It's not going to turn into any other place where a lot of drunks allocate themselves in Pittsburgh. It is going to be a joyous celebration of football in a football town that has loved football since the beginning of it. Football is the heartbeat of this entire city, always has been. The Pittsburgh Steelers are obviously one of the most popular teams in the world for a reason. It's because, you know, this city right here, it's called the Steel City. And, you know, after all the mills ended up moving and they started doing production in other places across the country, Yinzers were spread all over the place. We need your talent, your ability, your grit, your work ethic, your everything in a new town, new place to continue to build this country up. That's why there's a Pittsburgh Steelers bar in every single city in the United States and America. And I think you can even say that in every single big city in the entire world. Yinzers love football. And the draft will be a smashing success. But I do think there is going to be at least one. That's a sweet video. You said it's a celebration of football. And that sometimes is part of celebration of football. Like, you're going to have to. It's a physical sport. It's a contact sport. Thank you. There's going to be some collisions It's going to be a celebration It's going to be St. Patrick's Day Everyone's going to be happy I can't wait This is the perfect home for it What they're finding is you go to football cities For this draft And Pittsburgh can't get a Super Bowl Because of the weather They don't have a new stadium But they can get a draft Super Bowl because of the weather. They don't have a new stadium, like everything like that. But they can get a draft. And when they get the draft, it is a celebration of the NFL. It is a celebration of football. And that is huge news. Go for Pittsburgh. Congrats, Yanzers. Go, Pittsburgh. Rod just figured it out. You go to these blue-collar football cities, Detroit, Green Bay, Pittsburgh. Who else? Cleveland just had one. All those. Tennessee. Kansas City. Kansas City. Those are the perfect spots. Cold weather cities that are warmer in the spring, that's how you do it. Yeah, love football. Listen, Super Bowls, you're going to be in Miami, California, Texas, all those places. What happens with Buffalo? If Buffalo would have just put a retractable roof on it that they keep open, they would have got a Super Bowl, right? Yeah. Do open, they would have got a Super Bowl, right? Yeah. Do you think they have a bottle cap that they can lift up with helicopters and place it on top of the entire stadium? I think they do, actually. I didn't even think about that. Because they could do that and then just be like, hey, this is our Super Bowl bottle cap that we'll put on our new stadium that we can play with. Maybe they just take 15 of those bison, turn those sons of bitches sideways, and then they just lay them across the top of the roof. We've got a few years. Why don't we just have Terrence Howard figure out how to do it? Well, he actually did. Oh, holy shit, he actually did. Holy hell, he did, brother. That's a great point. I'm not shocked. Hey, hey, if you see any cranes in your city, fret not. Those things are a thing of the past, okay? Terrence Howard dude. I mean, as a man who worked at the shipyard, cranes do a lot of good things. Yes. No, they do. Thank you, Gumby. Cranes need it. Hey, we've monitored. Cranes held me up when I was on the side of a boat. That's all we have. That cranes better i think there's nothing against cranes my brother okay there's nothing against how about terrence howard just dropping into the world and saying hey this fucking brain here great better than anybody it's like where the hell have you been well i've actually been creating 97 patents that everybody else can use and then i forget to pay the bill and then everybody else profits off and i don't i'm doing joe rogan telling people how smart i am they think i'm an actor i'm actually a fucking genius. That's seemingly what is happening in our world right now. Once again, I don't understand a single thing he is saying. And there's levels to this shit. I do know that. I'm a Wheel of Fortune guy, not a Jeopardy guy. But the Jeopardy people are saying, yeah, pretty good this guy, what he's saying in there. Does he just read all the time? Is that what Terrence Howard does? I don't think he reads anything. I think he was born with a lot of this knowledge. Don't even bring up dreams. He remembered when he was in the womb. There was one tweet that I sent in from Matthew Reif, not the comedian Matt Reif. Matthew Reif, and he kind of breaks down why Terrence Howard's gotten a lot of backlash and also kind of explains what Terrence Howard is talking about and where like the information that he has gathered has come from so the Buffalo Bills and the Buffalo City as a whole should ask Terrence Howard how we can create something that can just cover that roof because I think if they were able to do that they'd probably get a Super Bowl because they're building a new stadium one of the benefits of building a new stadium is that the NFL will hopefully I thought it was a definite, you get a Super Bowl in your city. Because if Buffalo was able to showcase everything that they are as a fan base and how much they love ball and then also have the game be played in like a fair way, you know, like the biggest game of the year, which hundreds of millions of people are going to be watching and teams have worked all year for, and it's our biggest prize, has to be able to play it in some sort of fairness, like, you know, on the field. You know, because if one team's built to play in a mudder, you know. Nobody want to go to Buffalo. Nobody. Nobody. Yeah, it sucks for the players. I'm talking about business-wise here because whenever you're spending hundreds of millions of taxpayers' dollars on these stadiums, one of the benefits is that you get a billion dollars plus back coming to your city for the super bowl and if they would have just i think i'm not a genius but if they would have just had that just keep it open then if you don't want it to be there but at least have an option to close that thing i just i mean when you're already spending like billions and billions of dollars like it's always like well these retractable roofs are so expensive it's like okay well you're spending a shitload of money already. Why not just make it retractable to ensure the fact that, hey, if we have to close this thing in February to get a Super Bowl. Or a concert. That's an option. Or a concert. Exactly. Are they doing it? And are we too far along to maybe add that into the plans? We're not Terrence Howard, but from an engineer standpoint, just put a little convertible on it. Exactly. Is it maintenance on it? Make a bubble. What's that? Is it the maintenance of keeping up with it with the retractable roof? No, because it sounds like they want to just keep it open because they want it to be an element thing. So it sounds like, yeah, a couple concerts here and there. You could potentially open this thing six times a year, and that's it. And if you get a Super Bowl and bring $2 billion back into Buffalo. We're just hypothetically thinking. I think it'd be worth it. We're just hypothetically thinking here. I always thought, wasn't it, so like a place like Buffalo, very, very small market. Isn't it hotels? Wasn't that always the thing? So, yeah, we had to build. J.W. Marriott got built for Super Bowl, and there was a couple things added. I'd assume Minnesota, even though Minneapolis is an incredible incredible city that has figured out how to live in the negative degrees. Oh, yeah. We're just going to – now getting from place to tunnels, very cool. Right. Kind of like Indy, though. Everything's kind of connected. Yeah. I wonder if they had to build hotels as well. But anyways, kind of worth it if you're going to be able to do that. Nonetheless, we're pumped for the Buffalo Bills' new stadium. And Terrence Howard maybe does figure it out. Howard maybe does figure it out. Maybe he says, I'll be able to do this hard enough. And then the fifth dimension of the air should be able to cover that thing. And all of a sudden, we've got a Super Bowl. 12-year NFL event. Pac-Man Jones is here looking incredibly cool. Glasses are sweet. Are those blue, Hugh? So you don't get the blue damage from your cell phone or iPad? I don't know what that is, but these are Louis Vuitton. Okay. All right. Louis Vuitton. Looks like, if I'm looking through, it looks like more of a yellow-green. Oh, like tactical. Yeah. Like the night-driving car. Those are tactical glasses. Yeah. I love that. I can't wait to see what you do for a giveaway American Dream uh Savage Boys uh I got all of them coming tonight 21 Savage and his whole crew it's gonna be a celebration and I got my boy uh Trayvon be there too so we got a lot of stuff going on tonight okay well congratulations we're pumped for you all the smoke music video officially out with jody breeze and also available on all platforms this one's a banger banger and he got 8k videos in this uh in his music video just sweet uh nine-year nfl vet derrys j butler is here good morning joining us live from an attican ohio ladies and gentlemen the president of ohio the other one, college football national champion, Super Bowl champion, A.J. Hawk. A.J., I know that when people think of you, they think great jawline. I know when they think of you, they think Ohio. But a lot of people who don't fully understand the toxicity of your personality, when they think of you, they think football. And this is a football show. Sure. We're losing something from the game that I think we're all pumped about. Inevitably. Pumped. Excited. It's about time, some people say. But, what makes football football are the little minor details that you can only see in football games. And we made it to an era where the Internet and apps were streaming NFL games to the tune of like 20 million people on Thursday nights. And in the first game of the streaming era during that game, the most antiquated, archaic thing that football has made an appearance. And that's a chain game. Ever since you were a little kid, playing little youth football, parents are putting on pennies and dragging these things around. And whenever you put them on top of each other, the chains would get all intertwined. And you had to have a Terrence Howard-like brain to get it undone. And if there was a little bit of one, he's now first down nine and a half yards. Or is it ten yards? No, we need those chain links absolutely separated. And then as you get into high school, obviously those are refs and they're bouncing around. You get to know these people that are part of the NFL. You get to college, holy hell. Bring it out for a measurement. You guys are out in the middle of a hundred thousand people in college and then in the nfl you're talking about jobs and billions of dollars and futures of cities and families on the line from these 97 year old men coming out with these chains and measuring them we all remember the greatest moment that has ever happened with a chain uh gang came with pies on from pittsburgh gene steratore's usage of an index card because although the chains were certainly efficient because I'll tell you what, those chains were 10 yards exactly pole to pole every single time. But every once in a while, the eyeballs weren't as good as the chain gang and you had to figure it out. What is the chains? What's it saying? Get away, get away. Gene Steratore's trying to eyeball this thing. He says, you know what, boys? I don't think our eyes are going to have to be able to do it. We're going to have to feel this one. I'm going to grab an index card. You want to see it? Is that what you said, Dak? Look at it. You're right. That is. Excuse me. Excuse me. Yup, I did eliminating those. Lasers in the ball, sensors in the ball. It's going to be tested during the preseason and inevitably get implicated into the regular season like we all thought. But it was a hell of a run those chains had, AJ. And I know you would have something very special to say as a guy who obviously loves the football. Well, how many players have been injured over the years because the poor chain gang guy isn't paying attention. Someone's coming flying on the sidelines and they don't drop it and all of a sudden their leg snaps on one of these poles. That's one of the things I think is great that will possibly get out of the football game. See, I thought you were maybe going to pay tribute to the chains, but instead you added another problem that these older folks... I hate watching games when that continues to happen. I'm like, watch the game. If you're part of the chain gang, you need to be watching at all times. There's a lot of pride in a lot of the guys and girls that are holding those chains, but there's some people who get a little bit too comfortable. Oh, no. Here's a little bit of a, oh, no. First down's eight yards, I guess, tonight, boys. Yep. How come? Well, we got You know how logistics go. Fred put this thing in his truck. We didn't have gas. We had to change it. And all of a sudden, they wrapped it up. They thought this was smart. Everybody's the smartest person on Earth. That's the full conversation that's happening here. And now with the evolution of technology, we'll be using sensors inside the ball to say exactly where we are. Everybody's assuming that it's going to work like tennis. But if you listen to some tennis players, tennis players will say, oh, is that right? Is that what it said? Because my eyes literally just saw that it wasn't out, but the sensor is telling me it's in. This is going to lead to even more conversation. And no matter how far, here's the first one ever, obviously, here in these are the first guys ever that created, the guy in the middle actually created the hand swipe to change the downs. Is that Joe DiNardo's dad? So the down mark would still be there? Yeah, what's it going to look like? That's Frank Furco. I hate this. I don't like this either. I hate it. Will they be there, though, so we can at least – can people look at it? They should still be there, right? Because obviously a lot of the technology is ball to ear. It's So like mascots? Like who announces what down and what the distance is? Do the refs know or is it just – They're going to have to have the number at least at the line of scrimmage, right? They're going to have to have – James will be a backup if this is a success. I mean, what about the drama? Like when Gene pulling that in there. The players, when you're on there trying to get a peek, you see it and you get that. It's true How about TV one side of there? Say if it's 39, how do you sit at the sticks? Now I'm over here playing Quinken trying to count every line. Yeah, sticks got to be there. Got to be there as a backup. Still there. Because they'll have to have something that is with the, right? They just won't come out and measure with the chains, but they still should be there on the sideline, I think. And so people will still get hurt, I guess, by the guy who's not paying attention. Party gay. So we're not going to fix the injury part of it. What did Bill and Raj, Bill and Raj were talking, I don't know if it was during their sit down with the cards or some other time, but I guess Bill Belichick has been pitching for like 20 years. We need a camera on the first down line. Yes, that was the sit down. We need a camera on the end zone and we need a camera down each sideline in every game if you want to use it fine for tv if not we don't care this is what needs to happen and put it in a place where it can't get blocked by a wide receiver or a corner or a tight end or anybody on the outside like we just need i think that is the answer like and then you can have the humans that are still i don't i'm gonna go against what everybody's saying here and I appreciate the football purism that's taking place. I'm 100% okay with us not trotting that fucking thing out there. No doubt. Ever again. I'm very okay with that. I just, I'm bummed out that football's losing a part of football lore, but this is only going to add even more questions because as soon as I read that it was sensors, I'm like, who's telling the sensors? Who's telling the sensors? At some point, technology fails. They're going to have to go to the backup and we're going to have a chain gang crew trot out there and they're not used to doing it anymore too because they've been taking it easy. They're trusting the science, I guess, or the technology so far. And with the scripted conversation. What about the most important? The Chiefs are going to pick up a fourth and five with a three-yard gain. Yep. And people are going to be very confused. Yep. And everybody's going to go crazy. And Patrick Mahomes is going to go, I didn't tell them to do it. Why do you hate me? Don't hate me. You Terrence Howard? That's what Patrick Mahomes said. What about the most important first down? They're going to use it on the goal line? Yeah. What about a fumble? If the ball crosses? They'll take it back to where the fumble was, probably. So I think that is a part of the data that it's able to obviously, is supposed to go back to where the ball was initially fumbled. I would assume that particular data is also there as well to be shared. So let's just assume that technology is really going to enhance the game here. Everything's going to happen much quicker. Yeah. Like in the ear. Yup, first down. We don't need the whole song and dance, commercial break, trot out, do the thing. Now, if it's going to be Gene Steratore with the index card every time, I'm in. Sure. If it's going to be a Cirque du Soleil show whenever we're trying to get this thing, sweet. But whenever it's always a bicker and then we can't figure out and then we've got to reset it on the sideline, got to reset the thing that's a five-yard, where the five-yard marker, it's like us losing that I'm okay with. But the first time, there is a questionable anything. It's going to get so loud. And the NFL knows that. This is the world that we're living in right now. And they also obviously think that this is ready to go and it is going to enhance the game because they wouldn't be implementing it in the preseason. And then if it works, moving right into the regular season, it would be like, hey, we'll try this in the preseason this year, fix it a little bit, and then maybe in 2025 we'll consider adding it to the regular season. If this works in the preseason, we're going to be seeing this all season long right away. So I think in 2014 I voted in the first Pro Bowl. I think it was 2014. Boy, they all kind of blend together there. I think it was 2014. At the Pro Bowl, they had balls with sensors inside of it that we were punting and they were talking about it and what it was going to be and I was like oh that's so genius. I could feel it whenever I was punting. Like my foot could feel the sensor inside of the ball because when you're punting a ball you're compacting that thing all the way down so you feel everything which is why punters like the ball harder like kickers have strongly legs, harder, because then it's more difficult to compress, and then that thing is going further. So you like the ball harder if you have a stronger leg and everything like that. But I thought, now granted, that could be my head just making something up, but I could feel a little something inside of the bladder of the ball. But now with how much they've advanced it, Sean Payton told us at Radio Row Super Bowl, basically like, oh yeah, I've been working with this company. They've been doing this for like five years, six years of data. They got to figure it out pretty much is what he told us for it all. And I think that's why it probably got expedited a little bit here preseason right in the regular season. Yeah, 10 years. I mean, I think he said it's like the chip that they have now is like a little bit bigger than like a grain of rice. Whereas like in 2014, it was probably like the size of like the tag on a T-shirt or something like that. Like I assume that it is small enough now where you can't notice it. Quarterbacks can't notice any difference in the weight. Kickers, punters can't notice any difference in the weight. At least you'd think that it would be like that. I assume they're not going to be in K-Balls. They have to be in K-Balls, I guess, for touchback. Didn't you say they've had them for a while, though? They've had these chips in the balls? Sean Payton said that to us at the Radio Row. You haven't punted an updated football recently? To be clear, I don't think I could compress that thing. Isn't that how they use next-gen stats for Amazon? Maybe. I think that's how they had all the route combinations and different stuff that you can watch in the Amazon copy, like the separate thing. I think it's because there's something in the ball. We've got sensors on the pads. We've had that for a little while. The Soviet... What? They put them in the back of the church. They got commies in the pads? I don't know where they're from. This is what our strength coach introduced us to these things as. He literally stood in front of the room and he said, got this Soviet technology that you guys are going to put on to your warm-up stuff. What? Everybody in the room was like, Soviet? What fucking year is this guy living? Soviet. It was the, but now everybody. It was catapult. Catapult. We were there. I don't know what it is now. How far you run. Yeah, catapult stuff. How far you run, how fast. A little sports brawl. You see the guys run a little sports brawl on the field and people wonder what it is. Yeah, every sport, every person's doing that. Can we get a, you know. An armband or maybe a fanny pack? I had a sweet hat. You should wear them in here every day. See who's. You should, right? See the movement. I lost it I've told the story before about when I lost my catapult privileges when I had it on my shirt you're moving though training camp hopped into a side-by-side on the other field was rolling that son of a bitch downwind downhill and they had to report that I was the fastest player on the field that day 25 I think or 24 miles an hour and you were moving moving couldn't even feel it the next day. I didn't. Hamstring was great. Been even. And he said, all right, does this guy need to have one? Thank you. All right, we're a bunch of doofuses, but we're incredibly lucky to be in a position that we are to talk about sports. And who would we be if with the platform that we had, with the football fans that If we didn't try to go a little bit deeper into some stories, a little bit deeper into the information. We can't do it at 30,000-foot view, but you know who can? The people that cover the team every single day. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to feel the beat. All right, let's get started, ladies and gentlemen, from Cincinnati. Beat reporter for The Inquirer and USA Today. She's a Cincinnati alumnus. University of. Go Bearcats. Ladies and gentlemen, Kelsey Conway. Kelsey, first things first. I was told you hate me because of something that happened literally right before I came on the show today. Is that accurate? I did not know that was the case. No, but you did call me out about asking Jamar Chase if he wanted to wait for Justin Jefferson to get paid, and then would he take less? I didn't know that was you, though. That was me. See, I would have called. That was anybody. You't know that was you though that was me i would have called that was anybody you know that was just that was in i i do apologize that was you in front of the program that did that but i that would have been i would have called anybody for that just from a player's perspective leverage perspective but now you probably see where i'm coming from being on the media side because now that everybody's talking about just Jefferson and Jamar's deal coming up we know now that basically Jamar is waiting on Justin Jefferson so does Jamar have an agent does Jamar have an agent okay so if he didn't have an agent I would have no problem with it the fact that he has an agent is my big issue like Jamar's not the one negotiating the deal you know he's not the one in the conversation all the all jamar can do there is lose leverage in that answer to you which as former player i don't like personally you know like because you only have a so amount of time you can make a living for the rest of your life in sports and what he has done in cincinnati like that's where i come from but we're completely allowed to disagree and i'm with that being said like didn't know it was you would not have made as big of a noise about it if I knew he was a friend of the program. So that is on me. I would like to apologize for that. No, I totally, I see where you're coming from. But I will tell you this. There are very few people in that Bengals locker room that do have the leverage that he does. So he can say what he wants. Yeah, but he shouldn't. Yeah, but he shouldn't. Yeah, which is exactly my point here. Anyways, let's move on. Let's talk about T. Higgins here a little bit. He's not there, hasn't signed the franchise tag. We all know that he's a stud. He knows he's a stud. There's a lot of teams that would be loving to have him on their roster right now, pay him as a number one guy. But I think he even acknowledges the situation that's going on around him contract wise him not being there big deal how are you guys viewing it in Cincinnati right now with T I think everyone is viewing it as it's similar to what happened with Jesse a couple years ago Jesse Bates um it's a lot of similarities there but it's uh different in that I've done a lot of reporting on this situation and the big the main difference from what I've gathered is that T. Higgins camp, there's two things here. They felt like the initial offer that they were looking for was similar to Michael Pittman's deal with the Colts, which I know you obviously know a lot about being in Indianapolis and playing for them. That's kind of the deal that T. Higgins was looking for. He was never looking for a deal that would make him the highest paid player. He's fully aware that Jamar Chase is playing a side of him. From what I have learned, his camp felt that the Bengals' initial one-time offer was so low that it couldn't even move into a conversation about guaranteed money. So it was never about guaranteed money. So it was never about guaranteed money. And then they never tried again. So both sides never tried again because the initial offer was so low. And I think from Higgins' camp, the frustration comes in that six of the seven players this year that were franchise tagged got long-term deals done. And his side basically believes like the spirit of the franchise tag is to allow more time for a long-term deal to get done. But from the Bengals side, I mean, they got to pay Jamar chase. So, you know, you can see both sides here, right? Like the Bengals have a lot of people they need to pay. I'm sure they'd love to be able to keep Tee Higgins. But from his side, from the player's side, the franchise tag kind of sucks. But it doesn't really suck that bad when you're going to get $22 million guaranteed. So I do think he will report at some point during training camp. I don't anticipate him being in Cincinnati at all this offseason. And I think it'll be kind of similar to what you saw with Jesse Bates, where maybe one of those final weeks of the preseason, he'll show up. But the thing to watch here is he has had some soft tissue injuries in the past. So you wonder how long would he want to be away, you know, to make sure he's ready for week one. Got it. I'd be excited to hear where he's at, who he's training with. I assume there'll be videos that'll come out of him doing something absurd on a field somewhere. That is 2024 and this whole thing. $22 million guaranteed is obviously fantastic. I think Michael Pittman got like $27.4 million, I think, in that department, which we over here in Indianapolis wish we would have given him more. I mean, Michael Pittman is our guy. I think Cincinnati fans feel that way about Tee Higgins as well. And you said that Tee Higgins' agent says the spirit of the franchise tag is that we can extend negotiation time. Well The T. Higgins agent says the spirit of the franchise tag is that we can extend negotiation time. Well, as somebody that got franchise tagged, the spirit of the team doing a franchise tag, that is not how six out of the seven this year felt that way. But they're saying, yeah, we got you for another year at this top five price without bonuses or anything like that. It just seems like Cincinnati is in a new era, though. Like the thought of them having to pay multiple guys just like five ten years ago would be like no way but they're spending money now right this they know what they have over there in Cincinnati it feels like right they know what they have and I think they had to make a decision after Jamar's rookie season we're gonna have to think two or three years out and I think they decided after he went on to be the offensive rookie of the year and Joe he's Joe's number one guy I think they realized this might be a situation where we might have to let a player who could potentially be a number one receiver out of a lot of other teams walk I don't think anybody feels good about it but I think the way that the Bengals view it as we're going to try and make a run one more time with T Higgins and Jamar Chase and Joe and see where the chips fall with that. And if that means we have to pay him $22 million for one more season, they're comfortable doing that. Hell yeah. And Duke, he said, if you guys want T. Higgins, go get one. That's literally what he said at one point, I think, at the combine. Go ahead, AJ. What about the other side of the ball? Trey Hendrickson, his trade request. Where are they right now? How does Trey feel? How does the team feel? How do you see it kind of playing out? So Trey's trade request really wasn't that surprising, I guess, after learning a little bit more about the situation. Because last year the Bengals gave him a contract extension. He wanted a bigger deal last year heading into the season. And the Bengals gave him a one-year addition they bumped him up five million dollars in pay to basically say hey we hear you uh we'll take care of you this year uh and I think that Trey viewed that as okay here's the olive branch but he chose to sign it so he did have a decision if he wasn't comfortable with that number you know he could have decided not to sign it but he signed extension. And then he went on to have another ridiculous year, 17 and a half sacks, another Pro Bowl. And this offseason, his representation in March met with the Bengals and said he's basically woefully underpaid and we think he should be paid at the top of where all the rest of the edge rushers are. and we think he should be paid at the top of where all the rest of the edge rushers are. And we want you to redo this contract. And the Bengals basically said, thanks, but no thanks. And that was back in March. And then that upset Trey. And so Trey was working out in Cincinnati, but he wasn't really around the team. And then right before the draft, he wanted to put feelers out to other teams. And that's why he requested a trade because he was hoping that maybe Cincinnati might get an offer that they couldn't refuse. But at the end of the day, kind of similar to what I was just saying about T, the Bengals aren't a better team if they don't have Trey Hendrickson. So so again like the bangles hold all the leverage here but it goes back to trey basically saying i'm underpaid and i want to be valued more in the bangles right now it's success your contract is what it is it's success problems that you have and every team is hoping to have these and obviously that's why what the patriots were able to do for so long is so impressive because this happens and they they say like when you win there's enough to go around but it's not necessarily always here you know like there it'll be somewhere else if they continue to win which i think everybody in cincinnati is expecting and hoping especially with that quarterback uh this is going to continue to happen and duke tovin's just saying uh did you sign it you did sign that deal sweet all right it's one more year you can either do what you gotta do you know in the modern era, it seems like let's keep people happy. But over there, they still got some old school Cincinnati Bengals in them. Now, this new Bengals led by a guy. Go ahead, Pac-Man. I'm speaking for the city. I know all these questions are a big question. But the biggest question is how is Joe Burrow with his wrist? We had a conversation a couple of weeks ago. We're scared if he fall the wrong way um debutt had the same surgery and he and he don't have all the motion and everything for a quarterback that's way different how do we look out there doing the otas and what everybody's over there saying well i'm sure you'll see whenever you come back to since today i'm sure you'll probably see he's put on a lot of weight and he said that he added a lot of weight this offseason he changed his his diet. I tried to get more information on what he did. And he wasn't really willing to share all of that information. But he did say, I'm bigger and stronger than I've ever been in my career, hopefully to withstand some of the hits that he's taken. But I will say the biggest thing you'd notice if you came to a Cincinnati Bengals training camp is he's definitely stronger, especially in his upper body. He said that that was a really big emphasis for him this offseason. And right now, I mean, it's a little bit hard to tell because he doesn't have Jamar and T there. So he's basically throwing to rookies and some of the tight ends that the Bengals have. And obviously there's no contact. But for him right now, it's about working on those off-schedule throws and him really working on getting that wrist strength back. I guess Jamar said that he went out to California and threw with him a little bit. He spent time with Jordan Palmer throwing in the off-season. He told us that he feels really good and he's fully expecting to be back to his full self. And from the people that I've talked to, they're under the impression that he might be even better because of how much stronger he is. Hell yeah, the hair looks phenomenal. Not as good as the internet hair that we saw, but his hair looks good, body looks good, wrist looks good. Dr. David Chow, who is a NFL doctor? Yeah. Team physician. There it is. Team physician for a long time. Long time. He came out and said the fact that they got immediate surgery on that is vastly different than what AJ went through and what Darius went through with their injuries where they didn't get as much range of motion. He's expecting Joey Burrow to be okay. We hope so for an entire season because he's electrifying to watch. We can't thank you enough for joining us, Kelsey. Thanks so much for having me on. And Pat, we're good. Why don't you go ask the owner how much they want to sell the team for and just see tomorrow Chase is in a time to get back let's not ruin it for the guy I understand you've got to look out for the team as well ladies and gentlemen Kelsey Conway yeah I do remember that him standing there and I assume she has a great relationship with everybody, so she can probably ask questions that others can't. There isn't going to be like, you just give me the heart. We'll be just fine. No, none of that. You know what I'm talking about? A situation that happens in some places. But it's like, I remember that line of questioning. Like, are you willing to take a pay cut for T. Higgins to be able to stay here? I don't know. Jeez, Louise. That's tough. He's cleaning out his locker right now. It's like, if he was representing himself though, like if he was his own agent, I'd be like, alright, that's a valid, because you're talking, you have access to the agent of Jamar Chase, who is one of the biggest storylines of the offseason. It's question then if you're gonna represent yourself the fact that as agent okay that is my thing but kelsey keep doing it over there oh yeah uh ladies and gentlemen let's hop right back on train let's feel the beat Packers season? Let's cancel this segment. You don't usually shoot while we're singing. Son of a bitch. But I should be able to shoot and sing at the same damn time. Was that a Packers season fate ball? Yeah. I can't be doing all the feel the beat bullshit while we're just throwing over your head Oh no It is the one Here we go No that's not None of those I mean contracts Try to fucking make one If we're gonna do it like that Might be the worst set of shots I've seen you shoot Why you go to Brazil Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no Oh no They might never win again. Ladies and gentlemen, hate that the universe did that. Joining us now, beat writer for the Green Bay Packers from The Athletic. Might as well mail it in. Mash time. Yeah. Nice. Sweet kit, dude. Sweet jersey, bro. That looks sweet. Thank you. What is that? This is someone I know well from college, Courtney Brosnan. She's the starting goalkeeper for the Ireland women's national team. So this is actually a game-worn jersey that she sent me. Oh, that's awesome. It was against United States of America, and did we win by 30? No, it was against, I think you can see it, France from this February. It says Italy. Italy? Italy. Oh, yeah, Italy. You son of a bitch. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy. This guy I know about Italy. You don't remember? You don't remember in the 40s? Well. Who they decided to. So, now's not the time. Oh, you're going to do it for Italy but not Germany? I do it for Germany too, brother. See, Italy is considered North African, Middle Eastern in DNA tracing. That's why Scotty Scheffler allegedly had all that in his mugshot check-in processing. So, the Italians basically like North African? Had all that in his mugshot check-in processing. So the Italians basically, like, North Africa? Is that what I'm learning here? It's a very strong contingency. They're Italians. They're Italians. Yeah. It's like the question that always comes up around the FIFA World Cup sometimes. It's like, hey, Mario Balotelli doesn't look Italian very much, but he is Italian. It's like, well, that's because of the ancestors in North Africa were Italian because they joined. And Italy's like this close to, right? If you look on a map, Italy is like touching Africa pretty much. Yeah, and you throw in Mussolini wanting to take out and kill everybody in North Africa. That's kind of how that happened. Were they the Allied or the Axis powers? I forget. They're all losers. That was a big win. He played great soccer. Ancestors-wise, AJ, that's what I'm saying. That was a big win. People forget. That was a big win. That was a big win. Nobody's talking about it. That was a big win. Oh, yeah. That was a big win. Nobody's talking about it. It made me big as wind. Big win. Pretty big. That was a big win. Shout out to America. We needed it. We needed it. There was others that joined alongside. Not Italy. Absolutely. Not Italy. Half of France. Hey, congrats to us winning. That All right. Shimon, happy birthday. Let's do the whole thing. Happy birthday. Happy birthday, man. This is the worst birthday of all time, but we appreciate you joining us. Missed eight straight balls. I don't think that has happened in this particular Thunderdome ever before. Now, I've been on quite a cold streak. Seems like the bucket is covered. But a lot of us just immediately implied that that was probably the universe talking about the Green Bay Packers season. Now, that would make no sense after what the Green Bay Packers did last year. The only ringing questions here are, is Jordan Love's zeal going to get done? And are they going to be better than they were last year because of how young they were? That seems to be the conversation piece. Is that what it feels like on the ground and what are your eyes on product saying to you match nabbing yes so obviously the most important storyline right now is jordan love's contract he's there he showed up he's been one of the guys who you know i know i talked about it earlier they had 90 out of 91 guys there yesterday the one uh who wasn't there was excused for a personal matter matt lafleur said this has been the best offseason attendance of any of his now six years here. Keyshawn Nixon, their all-pro kick returner, said yesterday that it's just a reflection of the fact that they thought they let one slip away against the 49ers last playoffs, and they want to come in energized, ready to go, because they think they can win a Super Bowl this year. So Jordan Love's deal is going to get done. There's no question about that. There's no rush right now, I would say, because it's not like he's holding out or anything. It's just a matter of doing it right. Brian Gutekun said this offseason said he wasn't going to rush it. I would be stunned if Jordan Love steps foot on a preseason game field without a new deal. So maybe this could be something that gets done, you know, right before training camp starts but certainly uh i don't sense that it's something that's imminent but i wouldn't be too concerned if if anyone out there thinks that there's a chance of this not getting done i can't believe they hit another dinger you know absurd i mean it makes sense because that's seemingly what they do but he is a guy easily to say that go ahead aj what about their defense i know they brought in jeff halfley to be their new defensive coordinator. People are excited how aggressive his scheme may be. What are the expectations of that defense and how will it look different from last year? Yeah, the big difference is Xavier McKinney who they signed to a contract worth more than $16 million a year at safety. Their top three safeties from last year are not here anymore. I think, you know, an underrated difference is their middle linebacker position. I'm not sure, and I'm not just catering to who I'm talking to right now. I don't know if the Packers have had two middle linebackers like this since A.J. Hawk and Desmond Bishop, you know, 10 years ago. Wow, good pander on the birthday. I like that. Yeah, a little bit. They drafted Edgerin Cooper in the second round out of Texas A&M. He was the only guy in this draft class to lead his team in tackles, tackles for loss, sacks, and forced fumbles, and that was for a top-10 defense in Texas A&M. They have Quay Walker coming back. Devondre Campbell, who they had the last couple of years, a former All-Pro, is now with the 49ers. So they really beefed up the inside linebacker position, made some improvements in the secondary, and they think they've turned the corner with Jeff Halfley in terms of who they've given him to work with personnel-wise. Packers only had seven interceptions last year. Oh, yeah. That was second worst in the league. He's a DB specialist, whether it's his work at Ohio State, Boston College, or his work as a position coach in the NFL. So the Packers really hope he can help them turn a corner. Yeah, I had no idea who he was. Shout out to him getting hired. And then the more people talk about him, they're like, yep. I think like Sherman, Richard Sherman, yep, yep. This is a great hire. And I know Packers fans, at least the one that we're around on a regular basis, and he doesn't overreact to anything. He was about done with that defense for a matter of five, six years. So now, there has to be a little bit of optimism, at least. Right, Ty? Yeah, absolutely. And he looks exactly like Toc. Exactly like Toc, which certainly doesn't hurt. Well... No, I'm telling you. You put those guys, same haircut, same facial structure, same nose shape. It's crazy. You can't see any of that because he's behind a computer right now. But he is. He has one ear on a clip, one ear on the live show, and he's just captioning and editing in between. Put that on repeat for eight straight hours. If D coordinator does that type of diligence too, defensive football, we got nothing but great times ahead. Go ahead, Todd. Yeah, absolutely. And also of diligence to for sure defensive football we got nothing but great times ahead go ahead yeah absolutely and also if they would have hired a dog to be the defensive coordinator like a actual like four-legged dog that would have been better than joe berry so we're anything was great uh schneids you mentioned uh xavier mckinney what has been like the talk amongst you guys and also the team of some of the new additions that the packers brought in free agency obviously they don't they don't do that very often. But him, Josh Jacobs, two massive splashes. Obviously, it's early, but what's kind of been the temperature and the talk around those guys thus far? Yeah, Xavier McKinney is only, what, 24 years old, and he's easily the most experienced guy in that room. He was talking yesterday about how right when he gets off the practice field, he goes into his tablet and watches practice film so he can pass along things he sees to the younger guys before their post-practice meetings so so they can have a leg up on on what the coaches are going to tell them based on the practice film so he's really taken on that leadership role and along with Jair Alexander they have two possible all pro talents in that secondary who also double as leaders Josh Jacobs they think can be a real workhorse back now i know last time i was on we talked about uh them getting rid of aaron jones i think one of the reasons they did that is because jones had some pretty extensive injury history at least last year jacobs is three and a half years younger since he entered the league in 2019 he's second in the nfl behind derrick hen Henry in both carries and rushing yards so this is a guy who has shown an ability to be durable uh really carry a workload he did not practice yesterday because he's dealing with a hamstring issue um but Matt LaFleur said he should be good to go soon so those two guys on both sides of the ball the Packers hope make a huge difference this year I think paying Josh is good for how Josh will feel about situation as well because I think he's wanted money for a few years now yep from the Raiders and he has felt like he has earned it so you know he's going to be very grateful pumped excited fresh start with a team that has an offensive skill set that nobody really respected going into the year last year and then by the end end of it, it's like, wait a minute, Jordan Love's making no-look, jump in, fade away throws. And then they got guys that can take the roof off. And now they got a power game alongside A.J. Dillon. It's like, here we go. Drafted running back in the third round. I don't think A.J. Dillon's going to be playing much this year. We're talking Steinman Happy birthday, Schneidman. Yeah, he's been talking about it. Yeah, you're right. Happy birthday, Schneidman. We appreciate you. Vibes high, though, around the Packers, I assume. Oh, yeah, for sure. I think so. And just one last thing. Jordan Love said yesterday that this offense is like night and day. He was like, the reps we. Thank you, my friend. Match night, man. All right. Who would we be if we didn't feel the beat with one man who has stolen the hearts and the noses of every room he's ever been in? Ladies and gentlemen, from the Athletic, beat writer for the Pittsburgh Steelers, let's feel the beat. With Mark Capoli! How you doing, Mark? What's up? Hey, it's Schneidman's birthday today. He was just on. Do you have anything nice to say about Matt Schneidman, Kaboli? No, not really. All right. Live from the UPMC practice facility right now, or where are you right now, Mark? Yes, I am inside the UPMC practice facility. They'll be wrapping up OTA number two here in about 10 or 15 minutes. And I'm sweating my rear end off in this indoor facility because it's hot in Pittsburgh. Yeah, and humid, I would assume. A little thick out there while you're covering Steelers. It's pronounced humid. Oh, humid, of course. That humid city is going to be hosting the NFL draft in a couple of years. Mark, it has been announced that the 2026 NFL draft is officially going to Pittsburgh. Mark, when you heard this, obviously you were super excited and pumped and knew that Pittsburgh was going to be the perfect home for the NFL draft after what we've seen over the past few years. Yeah, absolutely stoked as a media member. Not really. You know, it is a big deal for the city. Jeez! Shocker. Well, I'm looking at it from my point of view. I'm only worried about myself, right? But it is a big deal for the city and the fan base because they'll party it up. And it's a big thing for the Roonies, too, because Art Rooney, the owner, really wanted to get a Super Bowl here. And he ho-hummed around on that, saying you don't have enough hotel rooms. I think this is the first step of him that are trying to prove that they can host a big event here. But it's going to be a party like crazy here. It's just not something for me. I will be sitting in the room right across here next year and avoiding downtown. What do you do for St. Patrick's Day parade? And are they still a thing? It's one of the greatest days in the city. Come on, Mark. Yeah, I don't think I've ever been to a St. Patrick's Day parade. That's the problem! That's what I'm talking about! You need that! What are we even talking about? You don't just go out and say, yeah, it's a nice city, good people here. you on a float, Mark. Yeah, you'll be able to. You'll get your ass carried down maybe south side if you really want it. Sick. Yeah, you know, I'm not really much of a parade guy and I don't really like people that very much, so those things don't make me like you. That's a good question. What do you like, Mark? Ham and cheese. What are you passionate about? Mayo. Mayo? I guess Aldi mayo, right? I guess. Aldi Mayo. Hoagies? Hoagies in the pocket. The Pat McAfee Show and A.J. Hawk. What else do we need? Hey, we're honored to be a part of the select few things that bring true happiness. Not even his kids. All right. It's all right. It's okay. Hey, baseball or whatever the case. We got two quarterbacks right now for the Pittsburgh Steelers. conversation and the injuries that I've talked to very optimistic about the season because of who's going to be potentially their quarterback Russell Wilson is the pole sitter from what I've been told by Mike Tomlin but obviously Justin Fields and he will be competing what are your thoughts here uh seems like both quarterbacks very comfortable and confident and getting a fair shake at this how do you see it working out right now and how does the team feel about it all well the team loves it I mean first of all they love russell wilson and honestly nothing against justin fields right now but i don't think he's in the position to be able to overtake a guy like russell wilson because russell is what this team really is looking for what mike tomlin's looking for a veteran guy that's been there done that a guy that's able to uh mesh well with a younger off a younger locker room a guy that has to learn the system pretty quickly that's a lot to ask for justin phil's to do coming off a you know where he was in chicago and trying to get acclimated here so to me i see russell wilson not only as the pole sitter but he finishes he, he starts from first. I'm trying to do my Indianapolis 500 thing here. You gave up halfway through the set. You were doing great. You were doing great. I'm going to cross the finish line sometime in January, too, and that's where I look at it. Is he going to be drinking the milk? Is he going to be drinking the milk at the end? Are the Steelers contenders with this move? That's tough to say right now. You know, the brutal schedule. I know Tone's probably going crazy about that, about the six-division games and the eight-week span games against who, the Chiefs, Ravens, Eagles. It's hot in the kitchen. That's not easy. I think they'll make the playoffs. I think Russell's being grossly underestimated. I think, like I said, with him and Arthur Smith and some of the guys that they have offensively, I think they'll be able to stay in it. It's just, are they going to be able to come out the other side of that gauntlet in November and December and still be walking? Tom Diggs, you just mentioned him. I have something for you. Yeah, you brought up Artie Smith, and boy are the players raving about Artie Smith's offense. Is that because the players that have been there the last three years have no idea what an NFL offense looks like because of Matt Canada? And as Ty Schmidt just said about the Packers' D.C. Joe Barry, an actual dog would have been a better offensive coordinator than Matt Canada? Or why do the players love Artie Smith so much? Wow, you're setting me up there, aren't you? I'm going to have to say something negative about Matt Canada, right? I'll take the high road. No, we all know. Everybody in the country knows. Literally, Utah to Georgia to the capital in D.C., everybody in the United States of America seemingly had the same thought and let the Steelers do the first something they've never done before, which is fire a coordinator in the middle of the season. It's no longer Matt Cannon time, it's Artie Smith. We'll be back tomorrow. Alright, we're off ESPN. Back to your answer, Big Boss Man. What are your thoughts on Artie Smith and why do you think he's loved? Well, I think Artie Smith brings a different mentality. I mean, he's been there, done that. He's been the head coach. He's been part of a very good offense in Tennessee. And he had, I think he had a land in the right direction, at least offensively. And you could tell just to be able to X and O it, to put guys in certain positions, having matchups. And that's something I don't know if Matt Canada was able to do on a consistent basis. So anything new is good until it doesn't work right. All of a sudden, I don't want to throw dirt on Kenny Pickett. He was the second coming until he wasn't. Arthur Smith looks good right now because he's not Matt Canada, but I do think he definitely brings something to the table that they haven't had in a while. That's a guy that really knows his – I would say we're going back to Todd Haley days here, and that was, what, maybe a decade ago of having this type of coordinator of just knowing how to call games and coordinate offenses. Yeah, you had obviously Bruce Arian's run there, which was stupendous. And then Todd Haley opened it up. He just wouldn't run a damn ball. Killer beast. Wouldn't run a damn ball. That's what everybody said. So he gets around time. They guys had Randy, right? Randy Faker. Yeah, Randy for a while. Then Matt Canna for a while. Dog. Wins and Hunt for that. Wins and Hunt will go and become a head coach a couple times. Does Artie Smith have his mustache back or no? You know what? I don't think he does. God. What is this guy's problem? What is this guy's problem? Seriously. I don't know. I wasn't number one on my list of checking Artie Smith's mustache. When it was out there, was that last year or even when he got hired? It was spectacular. I can tell you that. Go ahead, AJ. I think it's gone. Oh, well. Get it figured out, Bull. Yours is freshly cleaned. I mean, the goatee thing you're cooking right now. It looks like he ripped your stash right off your face and put it on his own. I can't grow a mustache. You have to be a certain type of human being to grow a mustache, and I cannot do that. Yeah, me neither. It's too weak up here. I've got to have a full Connors, though. I mean, that thing is in there looking prime. Yeah, generational, though. My granddaddy, my daddy. Daddy's daddy. Yeah, my daddy's daddy's daddy. The mustache has been running in the Campbell bloodline for quite some time. Tim McAfee has a great stache. Really? Yeah, great, great, great stache. Me and my brother both missed it. It's a bummer. You got some blondes. That's kind of the thing. Too much Sally. Yeah, I got red. If I grow my beer out, it goes red. Irish Scottish. Bingo. From the island. That's right. Why don't we figure it the fuck out? I'll ask him that you want to know what's going on with the mustache. Maybe since it's nice and humid, humid, that he doesn't wear it. Maybe that's a winter thing. I don't know. I'm going to have to go back and look in the archives and see the Artie Mush mustache and if there's a plant. Artie Mush. He's on a mush. The opposite of a mush. He's on a push either. Yeah. Go ahead, AJ. Good boy. I know he hasn't been there that long. They've only had, you know, they're on their second OTA. But what has Russell Wilson's presence been like? Does it feel different? Is there like a stabilizing force? Like usually when you bring a franchise Super're actually watching practice and you're around all the boys oh they all respect him i can tell you that it's sort of uh they look and say hey that's russell wilson he has that resume but only that is he's going out of his way to integrate himself with the team i mean he's trying to be in every event possible he hangs out with the guys he works like crazy he was the last guy off the field yesterday on the first day of OTAs. He's talking to wide receivers, coaches. He's talking to the OC in his locker. They see the work being put in there, so they very much respect him in that fact. They know what he's done. They know the Super Bowls. They know the Pro Bowls. So, when you consider the instability that they had at that position last year, I think they're all very, very happy to have that stable, calming voice. And like I said, I think Mike Tomlin really enjoys that too. He doesn't have to worry about that stuff. He doesn't have to worry about breaking in the rookie quarterback. For his entire career, it's been Big Ben, right, for all but two of that year. Seven still got it. We saw him hitting heinz ward and bossy doing his thing and billy guard down he's a model i didn't even know that was him yeah none of us did we were all very surprised someone saved billy someone saved billy quick billy is uh well billy has been on a fantastic weight loss journey as the bus scores a touchdown and does some hip thrusting uh in in heinz sorry oh wow man billy looks tiny billy billy is tiny yeah billy is incredibly healthy i think he would say incredibly fit but for those of us that have been billy gardell fans forever we would you know we just hope he's happy yeah but i don't think he's out for many sandwiches no wait wait he's from swiss, so that's the Triangle Bar. The who? Big old, what do you call those things that are about this big? Hoagies. No, there's a special name to it. Boy, people are going to kill me for this one. Battleships. You ever call the battleship? Oh, my. You guys call yourself Pittsburgh? I don't know. I don't know if I've – We are. Easy. You stay away from Swissville, huh? Yeah, we didn't make it down to Swissville much. I think I just got in. Gary, my brother's friend, went down to Swissville. I think I went down to. There it is. There it is. Yeah. Did you take this picture? Battleship and Destroyer sandwiches. I'll tell you what, I've never been there but that place of sandwiches I can just tell by looking at it Phenomenal I cannot wait Not as good as Rudy's I assume, sorry I don't think the battleship will fit in my pocket, maybe it will Only one way to find out New fashion, Abercrombie & Fitch got these big pockets You can put that shit in a big pocket out there Mark I don't think I can fit in Abercrombie and Fitch. Me neither. It's a new day. It's a new day. It's Goodwill. It's Goodwill. It's throwbacks. It's throwbacks. It's a whole new Abercrombie. Retro. I think you could work. We'll buy you some. I go to the big and fat stores. Tall. Walmart. Jeez, Kaboli. Come on. Lord. Brady, tip the cap. Tip the cap, too. Yep. Last question here from the offensive side of the ball before we have Coach Carlisle of the Indiana Pacers joining us. Darius Butler has a question for you. Yeah, Kaboli, I saw you put a tweet out a few hours ago about Big Muth, Pat Frymuth, tight end. You expect him to have a huge season it sounds like going for why is that oh man he's just you know everything's lining up for him he's in the contract season he's healthy he has a uh offensive coordinator who likes to really display the uh tight end nicely and you know we're not allowed to really say what happens at OTAs unless you talk to the player and he tells you. The locker room's not open yet, so I'll ask him later, but he caught a wonderful touchdown pass during the seven-shot goal line drill today. Like I said, I'll confirm this later, so we'll put it away. Yeah, he just looks like the part, and I think he's very, very motivated. I think he's a guy that's had concussion injuries. The offense hasn't been really putting him in position to succeed. They don't have a legit number two right now, or at least an established number two. I think he could be that guy that can pick up the slack. We saw him in Detroit. He's bigger than you think. Yeah, he looked good. wonderful very glad yeah it was good to see him you know anytime he catches the ball and you hear a big move that's cool you know because he's used to get that he at the tight end position you know so the engines are already ready to go let's just get him the rock caboli we appreciate the hell out of you, man. What a performance out of you, Leigh. Isn't that humidity? Man, the humid's killing me. The humidity's killing me, man. Yeah, humidity kills everybody. It's tough. It's a bitch. It's everywhere. Larger people don't do well in humid conditions. Think about that. D-Bud lives in South Florida. Think about that. That is 110% humidity every single day. My type of body, that's a broil from the outside and then a bake from the inside. I can't. Honestly, I can't take it. I've been in that building when humidity is very high, actually. It does get humid over there, doesn't it, Mark? Extremely humid. You're the man. You know, you ever go to Houston, too. There's a lot of humidity in Houston. Oh, you're right. Houston's known for humidity. It's huge. Huge humidity. All right, ladies and gentlemen, Mark Aboli. What a performer. Mark Aboli! We're wrapping up practice here in 10, 15 minutes. I'm not allowed to say anything I see without the player's permission. First time we talk to him is 10 minutes here. We'll see if he agrees that he looked the part. What if I'm with him and he's like, yeah, I fucking do. Same, right, Mark? Beautiful touchdown. Wonderful. Wonderful touchdown. Wonderful. In my head head I was like alright that's a one handed right that's right toe tap over defender wonderful Caboli is not handing out like positive anything wonderful is quite a has he ever used that word before in his life when did he learn it is that today could be might have been holy shit what a word drop out of Caboli Has he ever used that word before in his life? No. When did he learn it? Is that today? Could be. Might have been. Holy shit. What a word drop out of Kaboli. He caught a wonderful touchdown. He's in his bedroom now. I don't like people, he said. Nope. I don't like being in public. Parades. Parades. Parades. St. Patrick's Day. He didn't really Well, that catch? Yeah. Wonderful. He liked Andrew Hawk. He liked our show. What if it was in Pat and Go's and you just went, we want him to catch in Pat and Go. Let's pivot away from the NFL and let's talk about the NBA. Hell yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, last night the Eastern Conference Finals started in Boston and it was a wonderful game. There was runs, there was comebacks, and there was a time in which the Indiana Pacers, who were the underdogs, maybe the biggest in the history of conference final play in the NBA, they end up giving it away late. They lose. Boston steals one at home. Afterwards, they're not happy. Pacers aren't happy. That means this series is about to be electrifying. Joining us now, head coach of the Indiana Pacers, a man who's been a head coach in the NBA for 22 years, Coach Carlisle. Coach, I know we're bummed about what happened last night, but I want to let you know I'm pumped that you are on the show right now. Thank you for making time for us to conversate about a series and a run that your team is on that has been electrifying. Let's dive right in. Last night, okay, going in, did you hear all the Boston people, Coach? I assume this is something that you hear from listening to your press conferences. I do think you hear some of the outside noise and utilize it as motivation. You guys were the biggest underdogs maybe in the history of NBA conference finals. Your team's moxie and confidence, though, seems to be at a level where it is maybe unstoppable. Going into the game, what was the messaging? What was the thoughts? And how do you think it played out? Well, the messaging was play our game, continue to do what we do, which is fight for every inch of the floor, 94 feet, keep pace in the game, be as physically persistent as possible, and keep the ball moving. And when we do those things, you know, that puts us in a position to succeed. Okay, Coach, and with the game you play, high speed, I mean, the stats that we get about the amount of points you guys score in the first 10 seconds of the play clock versus every other team that you play against. How come not – why doesn't everybody play this style? You know, like, is it because of a cardio-type thing? Is it something that you have to worry about, the type of guys that you have? Why is your team able to do it so well, you think, and maybe others aren't? Well, we've built the team around a great point guard, obviously with Tyrese Halliburton, who naturally plays that way. He plays fast. He moves the ball quickly. We also have T.J. McConnell, who plays fast, who I know is one of your favorite guys. Oh, yeah. And so if you don't have guys like that that can trigger this style of game, it's difficult to do. Also, playing with this level of pace is a big commitment. You know, and many times, you know, most NBA players will tell you, yeah, you know, I want to run. You know, I want to play fast. But there's an enormous commitment, a high level of conditioning. It's, you know, it's a 94-foot game. You're not trotting. You're constantly at full exertion. And so, you know, there's a lot going on with it. It's not just as simple as saying, hey, we're going to play fast and it's going to be fun. Yeah, and it's electrifying to watch. I think that's why the entire state, obviously winning, is helping it. But the brand and the style in which you guys are winning behind Tyrese, who is beloved in the city already. It's a beautiful thing. Go ahead, A.J. Coach, speaking of Hal Burton, what does he allow you to do as a coach to kind of open things up? Like you said, watching him play, it's crazy watching step-back threes from who knows where and just how quickly he gets the ball out, how well he dishes it. How does that help you as a coach to where you can kind of craft everything around him well you know aj he he runs the team and you know when he got here two and a half years ago i told him that i had a conversation do you how do you feel about being the guy in control calling plays um call you know getting the team together during the game um you know being the guy that's the trigger guy he goes oh my gosh he goes i i would love that and so you know we worked very good two and a half years ago. And so we had some time to incorporate him into this thing. He got a chance to learn his teammates, his new teammates as we've gone along the way. And really, he know, when things are happening in real time, on a split-second basis, and players aren't looking over toward the bench for play calls, and the point guard is the guy that is triggering everything, it allows things to happen quicker, more unpredictably, more randomly, and it makes it harder to guard. Yeah, and he's awesome. Hey, Coach, he's got some moxie, too. Not that T.J. McConnell doesn't doesn't t.j mcconnell does a walk down the entire court every single time out are you not entertained everywhere he goes your team's moxie i assume that's something that you i don't want to say instill but is it you find people that have it and like how do you get that type of confidence because that's what everybody's talking this pacers team is confident though you know You know, it's a confident bunch. How do you think that happens? Well, you know, we've developed a defiant attitude, you know, toward these playoffs. We understand that each series is a new set of challenges, and things get very personal very quickly. You know, we went through a lot. I mean, in the last five days, we've played three games in three different cities. And two of those games were elimination games that we had to win to stay alive. And we did. And so the game last night is disappointing. We're disappointed, but not dismayed. We did a lot of good things. We got cut down on turnovers. I mean, you know, 22 turnovers for 32 points is not Indiana Pacer basketball. One thing I love about our team is the way we pass the ball. We have led the league in a number of passes per game, really from almost start to finish. Last night we had, according to stats that I got, we had 390 passes. And I thought we should have probably had more passes, particularly in the fourth quarter. So there's some things we've got to shore up. But I love the fight of our guys. You know, we were down 13 in the third quarter, battled back, and got a lead late. And, look, it's one game in this series, and we've got to get ready for game two. Yeah, I'm happy you brought up last night. I think I was going to do it towards the end of this as we were chit-chatting about everything else. I think not only last night, but in the Knicks series, as everybody on earth seemingly fell in love with the way your team plays, you'll go down nine. And, like, I think Jamal Crawford yesterday said that Paschal understands that that can go from 10 to 20 or that can go from 10 to 2. Like those are – it's a runs game, and you guys know that. It seems like your team answers. It is an answering bunch. Do you feel that? I do. I do, and look, today's game is so dynamic. You know, 20-point leads. We saw it in the Denver game the other night. They got a 15-point lead at halftime. They had a 20 point lead at one point and they're at home in the altitude and you know and those things don't guarantee you anything you've got to keep playing and so look we got down 12 nothing last night then we got down 13 points in the third quarter and look at my job is to keep fresh guys in the game to keep attacking to keep moving the, and to keep being as defined as we can defensively. And we found in the New York series, you know, the possession stats are so critical. So, you know, we actually out-rebounded Boston by one last night, but we lost the possession game because we turned it over 22 times. So that's something we definitely got to fix. Coach, I'm going to put you in a terrible spot here. You're talking about stats. I'll talk about a stat. I've been pretty loud about it. And, yep, yep, yep, yep. You probably know what's coming. We talked about literally courtside at the Fever game. Hey, guys, it's bullshit. Last night, 23 free throws for Boston in regulation, three for the Indiana Pacers, 15 free throws in the second half for Boston, one for the Indiana Pacers in the second half. Now, obviously, there's a situation that we all saw in the last series, and we all agreed upon. Refs have a tough job. Refs have a tough job, okay? Refs have a very tough job, Coach. Very tough job. I agree. I agree. All sports. Nobody wants to be a ref. Nobody's cheering for refs. But how do you balance that type of thing? Is it just the other team's playing technically sound defense better than you guys are? And do you message that to the team? How do you talk about it to the team whenever it's happening in real time? Like, yeah, we're not going to get a lot of calls tonight. Is that something you mentioned? And how do you feel about how basketball is officiated as a stooge out here and putting you well listen i've been on i was on the competition committee for for many years and i learned a lot about the mechanics of the of nba officiating i'll start with that there are thousands of events in an nba game when the whistle is blown nba referees get the calls right it's either 89 or 90 percent of the time and it may even be higher now um and so you know there's a lot going on but look we we entered all three of these series you know the milwaukee series the new york series and now the boston series as the road team understanding that you're going to go into extremely hostile environments in game one game you know, and throughout the series. And that, you know, the officiating when you're in those environments, you never know exactly what's going to happen. You got to be ready to play through some calls you disagree with, and you got to be able to rise above that stuff. And one of the things we tell our guys is, you know, whatever happens, be stone-faced and always be ready to move to the next play. Again, with so many thousands of events in an NBA game, you've got to be able to be disciplined enough to go from one thing to the next. Like you might miss a shot or miss a layup and be pissed off about that. But then you've got to go from that to running back and finding a guy that's probably a great offensive player and then squaring that guy up and doing your job within the system. And so our guys have learned a lot about the process of doing that. There's always going to be things you disagree with. statistics of a game or the number of fouls or number of free throws or whatever. We've got to look at it as objectively as we can and figure out ways that we can make those stats better for ourselves. I think you challenged like 78 fouls or something like that. Yeah, it was a record amount of things sent in. And it's because I believe you guys had to represent for the fans, us, who were like, feels like we're getting worked here and obviously the team and the city hey right now you feel it right don't you you have to feel it here in indiana that game bridge field house what did awesome river say i haven't lost a home game since march 18th do you feel it you have to feel it like it is it is awesome right now in the city behind you guys. Well, listen, and there's nothing like playing conference finals games in Indianapolis sandwiched between the Indianapolis 500 on Ritz weekend. I mean, it is the ultimate. It's the ultimate environment. And so we're very much looking forward to getting back there, Pat. But we've got another game. Yeah, you're right, you're right, you're right. Okay, sorry, Coach, sorry coach sorry coach sorry yeah and uh you know with the stuff with the officials you know i'm not gonna i already i've already spent one semester of my daughter abby's education at the university of virginia with what you referenced you know before i'm not going to talk about you know those things uh in the same kind of public way. But, look, we looked at the tape today. We had a long meeting with our team. We know the things that we have to do differently and adjust and do better, and we very much look forward to getting back out there tomorrow night. Hell, yeah. Well, a couple questions here, and we can't thank you enough for joining us in the middle of this. Let's talk about that atmosphere you chatted about go ahead connor yeah coach a lot of people were saying that on the broadcast on espn they weren't as pumping the crowd noise as much and you couldn't really hear it being on the court obviously you can how was the atmosphere in the garden and also did it feel as big as a moment as it was watching because it did seem as though the stakes obviously are much higher and that the atmosphere and the energy from both sides and the fans was at an all-time high, at least from this playoff run. Well, listen, I came into the NBA as a third-round pick in 1984. I played three years with the Boston Celtics. We went to the finals each of those three years and won a championship in 1986. And so I'm well acquainted with the Boston sports fan and the Boston Celtics fan. They are phenomenal. And, you know, we go from Madison Square Garden game seven in New York City with Knicks fans to game one of this series. And, you know, you're getting two of the best crowds in all of the NBA. And the only thing I think is going to be close is probably Cambridge Fieldhouse this weekend. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Now, the messaging for your team and for the city has been one that has been well-received by everybody that's heard it. Go ahead, D-Buck. Yep, you talked about that championship in 86. You're one of 11 coaches that have won it as a player and as a coach, so congratulations there. And another place that you did win it down in Miami, obviously a great, great fan base as well against Mojitos. Heat fan, got a still sore spot there. But do you prefer, I guess, being the underdog as a head coach when you're getting guys ready? Obviously, from the outside looking and you say, Hey, all the pressures on Boston, they're what minus 1000 to, to win this series or whatnot. But, uh, is it easier for you to kind of get the guys going as a coach when you are that underdog? Well, I, you know, we've been an underdog all the way through this. Um, you know, I believe we were an underdog against, against Milwaukee and look, we started off on the road in all three series. Um, so look, whatever the circumstances are, you know, in the leadership position as a head coach, you take those circumstances, you know, you digest it and you figure out the best possible way to get your team ready. And so, you know, the challenge of in this series of playing the team that's been the number one team all year in the NBA, really from start to finish, wire to wire. They ran away with the Eastern Conference. They've had the best record in the league all the way through. I mean, this is the opportunity of a lifetime. And so last night didn't work out the way we wanted it to in the end, but we're looking forward to the next opportunity tomorrow night, man. I love that attitude of mine. I was devastated last night, Coach. It was late you know wife and i got a one-year-old so norm we don't stay up late fall asleep during a lot of these games and then figure watch it back in the morning and figure out what the hell happened i was up last night wife was up last night one stream was 15 to 20 seconds ahead of another one there was communications happening at like 11 11 30 at night i mean we are hey we're pumped for the team and the way the team represents the city i think is a massive piece of this whole thing on why it's beautiful let alone being the under underdog and then uninvited guests and the way the team is it's like a perfect match which leads to ty's question coach yeah coach i think we saw saw, especially last year, obviously some of these teams that make it on these deep finals runs, you have the star players, but then the guys who come off the bench, and Denver especially, their bench contributors, that was a massive reason why they won the title. For you, and namely one guy, like TJ McConnell, what does it mean for a guy like that to be able to come off the bench and spell some of your other starters and obviously like what what he means to the team as a whole just being as gritty and tough and kind of dependable as he is well i i think you know the term i use for tj he's a defiant competitor and i i would think that you know you guys a lot of you guys played NFL football at a very high level. I mean, the football mentality has got to be a similar type thing. And so TJ, he's a dog, man. He gets after it. And he brings a spirit, an infectious spirit to our team. And he's one of the big reasons that we've had the success that we've had. And I do, by the way, want to say, Pat, please send my love to Sam. It was a pleasure meeting her the other night. You and I have both married way above our pay grade with our two wives. It's not even close to being funny. I don't know your wife. It was a pleasure getting a chance to spend some time with you and her the other night. Well, we appreciated your hospitality. I didn't want to pepper you too much because we're in the middle of a playoff run. But the fact that you joined us in the middle of this one day after or less than a day after what happened last night, we're incredibly grateful, Coach. Good luck out there. Let's rally the boys, huh? Let's rally the boys. What happened in the final 15 seconds doesn't define us, coach. Doesn't. No. Never. Respect. Respect. Hell yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, Coach Corlott. Yeah, he was awesome at the game. It was awesome that he came on. The game just ended. That's crazy. They reached out to us. We have requests in. A couple of the players aren't doing any media until after the playoffs, which is certainly something. Zero dark LeBron 23 or whatever he used to do. There you go. Zero dark Haliburts. Locked in. But sweet fashion. Every game. Always. Every game. He looks great. I am intrigued by where he buys what he wears. I don't know if you can even buy it. by where he buys what he wears. I don't know if you can even buy it. Yeah. If they just send it to him. It's made. It's made for him. It's just for you. You ever see some of that shit he walks into buildings with? Yeah. Interesting. What? It's fashion. What do you mean? I'm saying, you know, everyone has their own, you know, you got some fucking shin But you know fashion is a way to express your individuality yourself, and he definitely does that so Like the big short. I don't know you said we have a question right the shin pads right behind you But do we put any requests in for the Celtics or Joe Mazzola or was that? I'm just that we have a question. I'm just making sure we're touching I don't know if we have any connections over there. Oh you would you and Joe Mazzola close personal friends He's watching West Virginia guy. I'm very proud of Joe Mazzullo as a Mountaineer. He's a good dude. I love watching him play hoops at college, too. He's a good guy. So did we put a request in? Well, we don't know anybody at their building. Don't worry. Every other ESPN show is going to talk about him a lot. No, actually, the conversation is just how he stinks Who says that? Even now after the win? After the 12.9 seconds up six foul, yes. No way. He's not on the court. Oh, yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, let's go away from the NBA and the conference finals there. Let's go to the conference finals of the NHL. Ladies and gentlemen, Captain America representing Texas hockey down there in Dallas. The odds are my favorite to lift Lordo this year. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Pavelski. Pops, what's going on, pal? How we doing? Doing good. Doing good. Just got home. Are you in? Well, thanks for joining us. Hair looks phenomenal. Beard, wow. Is this playoff beard or do you always do this? You always have this facial hair? Playoff beard for sure, but I always have a little facial hair. It's been I don't know how many years since I've probably been clean and shaved, but I like a little bit. Do we do handlebar? Do we have a little game like the Tuttle's? No, kind of what you see is what you get probably. That's a good beard. That's a good beard. We That's a good beard. That's a good beard. We talked to Kachuk a little bit the other day, and now we're talking to you. America is the greatest hockey country on earth. That's a factual statement? It's right there. It's right there. It's been coming. Our USA hockey program we got, it's building. It's starting to show itself. Yeah, a lot of great players. Excited for the future for sure. It's our game now. Hell yeah! We'll hear about that one tomorrow in the locker room. We'll be good. First time you come on the show, obviously, puts you in the middle of some shit. Some international conversations. We apologize. That was on us. That was certainly not on Copped in America Pops. Let's talk about the team now. We have a massive Dallas Stars fan in the office in Bubblegum P&O. Now he is from North Left Canada. He is a massive Stars fan. He's saying he's feeling like 90s again. Holy hell, we're all the way back. You guys have to feel great with how you're playing, the physicality, the way you're going about getting your wins, and that building is buzzing everywhere. Do you guys feel the ride and how has it been this playoff run and where do you guys think you're headed it's been awesome uh you know the building number one it's been great we can uh probably get a few more wins at home uh you know we've put ourselves in some tough spots to start series but responded well there's there's no place like it it's been awesome to see that the fans show up and in the atmosphere and um but but the our game is great. It's been really good. And, you know, I think number one, when people talk about our team, it's a deep team. You know, up front, we're deep. On the back end, we've got guys that are big minutes, play hard and heavy, and we've matched up well against a bunch of teams. Okay, so I think the stat we read and the number – we're not Terrence Howard, but the numbers on Wikipedia is always difficult. I think you've been in the NHL how many years? 18th year. Woo! Congratulations. Thank you. I think you only missed the playoffs two times, right? You only missed the playoffs two times throughout your entire career? Like, playoff hockey is where you find yourself at home. What is the difference between playoff and regular season hockey? Hey, you said heavy. That's a big part of it. Speed, a big part of it as well? Yeah, speed's a huge part of it. That's why I've had a little success there. But it's playoff hockey. It's intense. It's great. It's where we want to play. It's why we play all season long is to have an opportunity to play now this time of year. I was fortunate in San Jose. 13 years there. Played on some great teams with some great players. And, yeah, I think we missed the playoffs once there and then missed the playoffs once here in Dallas. And I've experienced a lot of deep playoff runs. We haven't got over the hump yet, so we're looking to do it this year. 195 playoff games. 195. What? Hey! Most playoff goals by an active American-born player in 74, obviously. And then he won a silver medal in 2010. Second most ever. Second most in the history. For American goals. So you need to get up to, obviously, number one. Then we need to outscore all the Canadians up there too. You know what I mean? We need to go ahead and get all those. Speaking of Canadians, one of your biggest fans is a Canadian. Gumpy, what do you got for Pavs? Pavs, Stanky, Wyatt, the young lad stepping up in the playoff run. Wyatt lives with you. Is that true? And how huge has the young lad stepping up with the older guys been for this run? Yeah, it's true. He's been here this year, too, with Johnny in the house. Last year was awesome, kind of getting to know him a little bit more. And, you know, last year I think he commanded more and more ice time. You're watching a young 18-year-old, 19-year-old kid play, and you're, like, kind of waiting for him to maybe hit a wall or you know just just kind of wear out a little bit but he kind of commanded more ice time more uh situational play and you know he's a big part of the pk pp all those things and this year you can just see his confidence has kind of grown he you know even around the house he just looks more comfortable more confident knows what he wants to do um you know a few more jokes he loves trying to play a prank here and there on us. But then you get out to the ice and he's been terrific. He's driven this team a little bit at times this year in the playoffs. Yeah, and Stanks, he's got an engine on him. He goes. He's been a huge spark plug for us here down the stretch. Okay, let's get back to the guy living in your house. Alright, so is this guy? sydney lived in mario's house whenever he came to pittsburgh for a long time in hockey i think there's a lot of like moving out of your house and going living in other people's houses whenever you play junior or whatever the hell it is you just standard operating procedure for you to have a teammate living is this a guest house a guest house? Does he have a wing? Is there like a basement? I wish we had a guest house. I'd put him out there in a heartbeat. But no, he's in one of the guest rooms. Get him the hell out. Yeah, yeah, I got it. Yeah. You know, he's up there. He's just around the house. It's a good little story I saw on somebody Wyatt, our assistant coach, Steve Spot, when this was happening, it looked like this kid was going to make our team. And he's asking, is anyone, we want to find a good spot for him. Being a Canadian, coming to the U.S. first time, what do you got? And he's like, so he's asking us, he's shooting me a text. He's like, hey, we're looking for a spot for Wyatt to stay. And I had Spotter in San Jose Jose and he's got a chocolate lab puppy named Wyatt. And I have two labs. I have two yellow labs. And I'm sitting here. I'm like, man, I really don't want a third lab in the house. But, yeah, if you need a spot for Wyatt, I think we can take him. We can have three labs. And he's like, no, idiot. I'm talking about Wyatt Johnson. We need a spot for him. I was like Give me a sec. I got to talk to the wife and let's see how it works. So we brought him in. You know, as a rookie, you get 10 games, kind of a trial, whether you can get sent back to junior or not. So we'll take him for the first month, see how it goes. And, you know, he was tremendous that first 10 games. And we came home after that one. We knew he was going to stay, walk through the door. And Sarah's just like, Wyatt, you got something to tell me? And he's like, I made the team. And then he's like, can I stay with you guys? She's like, absolutely. There we go! We had a lot of fun. Yeah, that was pumped. He wanted to stay with us again this year, and it's great. I got a 13-year-old boy, so Wyatt's seven years, eight years away from him, and 18 years away from me. It's a fun dynamic in the house. He's called you Unk? Coach? Dad? What's he say? Mister. He's a pet, it sounded like. I just heard we have a pet superstar, which is a beautiful thing. Hey, that's good team. That's another reason why hockey is just like... Hey, Yeah, we have the best. Hey, that's awesome. You didn't know that. I don't know how many times this happens in hockey. Obviously, in Pittsburgh, it's taking place now. It's happening there. The community, the culture is just vastly different than a lot of other big sports, and that's why we love it. Connor's got a question for you. Yeah have it going on the offensive end, but you guys also have the otter back between the pipes. How awesome is it having a guy that you can rely on night in and night out? I mean, when you guys closed it out, it was a 2-1 ball game in overtime, so he was standing on his head. How awesome is that, and how much confidence do you guys have having otter in the back? Yeah, there's definitely, you know, you look at the playoffs so far, there's times it feels like we're scoring goals but there's probably more times than not we haven't you know that vegas series was tough it was felt like a 2-1 game you know every game we were going to play and offense there wasn't a lot a lot out there at times and otter shut the door you know um great bounce back goalie if he ever has an off night he's coming back we have tons of trust in him and i think just number one is just like his mindset he He's a goalie, you know, so he's actually one of the more normal, sane goalies out there, which is great. He responds big time usually for us, and we got tons of belief in him. What were you saying there about they're weirdos? Like Briz Gawler? Yeah, yeah. You ever hear that? Well, kickers, you know, in our game get talked about being weirdos,. Any of those isolated positions that are real heady. Pitchers, I think, get talked about. Golfers. Golfers get to which? We're going to talk about here in a second. Of course. Obviously. Modern day goalies still psychos? Because for kickers and punters, I think that's kind of like a little antiquated. Well, I don't know. Hold on. It's a whole different conversation as of like a week ago. But goalies normally a little off-hanging. Yeah, you're never going to lose that. I don't think there's always going to be some quirks. And there's some goalies definitely in the league that are still like that. But Otts is a good guy. I'll back him on that. Otts is a good guy. He's a good lad out there. How about the fans putting the Otterman? Great card player. Great card player, too. What card game are you playing? What card game did you guys play? He likes to give his cash away, so he's perfect. Oh, fish! We like that. We like a good Otter's a fish! Never would have thought. What games do you guys play over there? Mainly play seven up, seven down. Mush wants to play poker. He's wanted to play poker for a couple years. Marchment, we had to shut him down early. What's seven up, seven down? What's that? It's a Trump game. Kind of like spades. Four teammates? We've got eight that roll around, so it kind of dilutes the game a little bit. But we have a good time with that. Alone or teammate? Alone. Okay. All right. Planes? Hotels? A little table talk goes on once in a while, probably. Well, speaking of, the biggest and worst table talker in the history of cards, A.J. Hawk has a question for you. No way. Never, Pops. Don't fucking do it. There's no reason to play cards with this guy. It is the worst. It's the worst. None of it is illegal. You're going to get bullied. You're going to get accused. I'm a great teammate. Worst I've seen. He'll punch you. Worst I've seen. Ever. Yeah, worst I've seen. Any call. T-Boat doesn't know how to play the game. Exactly. It makes it ten times harder to learn when I'm watching the cheater. But, hey, you're supposed to stop for at least a couple seconds. That's on me. Sorry, guys. Oh, I'm not caught. All right, you guys caught me. Okay. AJ's like, I don't even remember what just happened. I'm in the moment so much. What are you talking about? For real. That's true. We want that, right? Yep. No, you can't do that. What I do, I'm right now. That's what it's like playing fucking cards with this guy. Real deal. At 40,000 feet, you can't go anywhere. You're literally... Him dealing? Oh, my God. Like an asshole. Bottom of the deck every single time. It's like, you think I'm doing this? You think I can go out and read the cards? Okay. All right. It's insane. It's every part of the game that you can have fuckery in, AJ does. And it's a good time, though. Yeah. It is a good time. It is a good time. He stinks. Don't play cards with him, though. Do not play cards. Pabs, is this year the year that you climb the mountain and you win out in Lake Tahoe? I believe the third place finish last year. You're always contending to win that thing. Is this the year? No, I don't. You No, I don't. You know, I like to think it might be the year, but I don't think it is. You know, we're in a deep playoff run. We're expecting to go a little deeper. We want to go a little bit deeper. So that puts a little bit of practice time. You know how golf is. It's tough. We had this few-day break and, like, went and played a round. The clubs were a little dusty. But that being said, we done with these playoffs and we'll get out there and the game never goes too far away. So we'll see how guys show up. I know I'm going to be you too. Just to be clear, none of us know if anybody, not very hard. No. All right, Pat, you are a stick. Obviously my question is this, have we passed the time where you can RSVP? Cause I don't know if I'm going to be in the tournament. You can. I can still RSVP. What's that? You can still do it. Yeah, you can still get back. No, I have not said I have the capability to make it yet this year. So I don't know if you'll be able to beat me. This year, you and me, tied. Probably. You're a real player. been a great golfer? Obviously hockey helps. Yeah, I played baseball growing up and then when I got to high school, it was kind of like baseball or golf and I went golf and it was actually incredible. Like playing high school golf, I loved it. We had spring golf so it was like end of this year, you don't want to be in school anymore. We'd get out and go play 18 holes one day, two, three times a week and just play, grew up. So and just play, grew up, you know. So you know why things are happening. You know why things are happening. Like if you hit one, like to the right, you go, oh. He's a real golfer. I played with him years ago in Tahoe when he wasn't nearly as good, and he still shot probably 70 every single day. He's like a legit – it's like playing with a professional golfer. Oh, geez. How nice is that? But a fun, cool professional golfer that actually plays fast and has a good time. We're boozing out there? It's a handicap. What is that? Well, what's your handicap, Josh? I don't know that. Boozing out there. It's right around scratch right now. Trying to get it up for the summer. You know, it gets low towards the end of the summer. And play a few rounds. You got to plug those scores in, get back to zero. 18 years in the NHL, a fucking scratch golfer Great leader A guy living in his fucking house Got a kid Dog Dog We're looking at your American pal That is real Scratch golfer Jesus Christ Clubs are a little dusty Right now I'm probably around scratch or whatever Tony Romo is the one right he's the one he's there he's good he's around Dallas we get out a little bit I haven't played with him lately so who knows don't drive to golf courses with Scotty Scheffler I don't know if you heard how about that that's amazing ongoing right now ongoing speaking of ongoing Western Conference Finals. Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, Pavs, you haven't won a Stanley Cup, but you have won what many people consider the second most prestigious trophy in hockey. I don't know if you remember this. I surely do. It was a seminal moment in my childhood. 2004 Clark Cup Championship, Waterloo Blackhawks. I am a Waterloo native, so young me watching Joe Pavelski. Bring one home to Party Town. I thought you were going with the National Championship with the Badgers. No, absolutely not. That was our Stanley Cup back then, man. That was everything. Biggo. Dallas, great barn, obviously, but Pat Snow. That still might be the loudest barn I've ever been a part of. When Young Arena is rocking, there's nothing like it. Man, that is fucking awesome. That is awesome. So that's great. But, Pabst, just curious. Everyone wants to talk about Drysaddle and McDavid. What other challenges does a team like Edmonton propose for you guys? Yeah, I mean, you talk about those guys all day long. You know what you're getting. They're going to be good. The power play is obviously to lead one of the best ever. The best ever, probably. So, you know, one thing we got going for us is, I think, throughout the regular season, throughout these playoffs, we've been the least penalized team. So, guys do a good job checking, playing hard, not crossing the line. Playoffs, you know, you might not get as many calls, so power play and stuff, you try to limit their chances and take them away. You're never probably going to fully do it, but as a group, you try to get the job done, and, you know, hopefully, well, we'll have Otter back there if something happens. Did you the dancers out in the the watch party up there in edmonton you see them getting down out there in the circle yeah i saw a couple highlights the other night yep here we go oh cowboy hats really fucking getting it cowboys in canada yeah that's real deal there i mean he feels so good he practiced that so many many times. Nobody's seen that. He's been doing that at the house. Somebody walks in and says, what the fuck are you doing? You don't understand! Get out! And then that thing happens and all of a sudden he's a star. That's an incredible barn, right? I mean, that is... Is home ice advantage a real thing in hockey? It's real. It really it's it's real it really is it's awesome um you know from team to team it's different but you know like whether your record's good at home or not or you know you've won games or not it's you want game seven at home and that's why we work all year that was some of our talk is we we want to have home ice if we get a chance to play game seven and we had one this year and it's it's a whole it's a whole lot better coming home in front of your fans playing a game seven especially kind of if you're running on fumes in a series or not it's you can definitely find a little bit of momentum from it well speaking of running on fumes i've heard you guys run on any broken bone there is and uh obviously you've been a part of the NHL for 18 years. Same. Feels like hockey is a trip into the past, like players, culture. Not all the past. There's a lot of parts of the past, obviously, that we would certainly not want to be. But it feels like an old-school game. There's a lot of guys that retire in the NFL that have played a long time. They're like, the locker room's changed mightily with the new generation. Hockey seemingly is kind of trapped in the same time as it's always been. This is our culture. This is who you have to be to play hockey. This is how we operate. This is how we go about it. Have you seen a massive change over almost two decades in the NHL? I wouldn't say it's a huge change. It's been good. The sport, the game itself has probably gotten a little faster, you know, and maybe not the, I mean, the high-end guys are there, but up and down the lineup, everyone can skate. Everyone, you know, can shoot the puck these days. So the game's changed that way. You take care of your body a little bit different. You know, it's not as, you know, it's more protein shakes probably for some of these younger kids than pops. And from there, just the character from people coming into the locker room and young kids, older guys that are still around, the game has a great character to it. And that's one of the things you love about it. And when I was young, you know, you had Joe Thornton, Patty Marlowe, all these old guys around that you were able to learn from. And you just try to keep that tradition going but a lot of a lot of respect for for our teammates and the guys we're playing against it feels like hockey is always going to be that way it's a sport that like humble and feel like you have to be humbled by hockey the amount of work to get your body to be a professional hockey player is so stupid i don't know how you guys do it by far the toughest group of professional athletes now you know we put a ball in your guys' hands. Jesus Christ. Looks like us on ice, you know, for most. But you put a golf club in this guy's hand. It is game, set, match. Did you booze when you were golfing or no? Are you super serious? I love having a drink or two on the course. That's probably why I'll never be Romo, though. I think they're doing the... He's even getting hydration IDs. Yeah, Cat Cowan on the green. Gotta be able to read it. It's too much fun not to. Golf is such a good sport. It really is. Just the vibes. 18, though. Too long. Maybe 12. Yeah, 12. You're still a golfer, then. I suck. Yeah, yeah. About 12, I'm alright. I suck. Yeah, yeah. So about 12, I'm all right. You know, I'm about done with this shit. The American Century Championship post-12 is when all eyes are on you now. Yeah. You know, so I've already quit on golf. I'm done. I've already done the golf for today. And now everybody's going to see you. It's a bad setup for somebody like me. You're able to, you walk all the time when you play? No. No. Just at the AAC for the most part. We need to get carts out there. Yeah. We need to get carts out there. He's always in contention. AAC, that's our rink. Sorry. The AAC's a loud barn. Not as loud as Waterloo, Iowa. That's right. Young Arena. Hey, Pops. Thank you for taking time out of your day of being a father to one of your teammates and obviously in the middle of Western Conference finals and taking time away from potential golf to join us in Chit Chat. We're big fans. We appreciate the hell out of you. I appreciate it. I've got to give a shout out to the Wood Chat back home too in Madison and Stud Rocker who holds it down. They keep it light throughout these playoffs. It's a nice little group chat we've got going on, but the Wood Chat's where it's at. The Woodchat with Stud Rocker, dude? What are we dropping memes in there? Yeah, what's happening there? There's a couple memes in there. Motivational quotes going in there? Are we talking about the game? Hometown videos. Different videos that pop up. Homemade videos. Good stuff. This is the Woodchat? Woodchat. Wow. Did Terrence Howard make his way is the Wood Chat? Send a video. Wood Chat. Wow. Wood Chat's cooking. Did Terrence Howard make his way into the Wood Chat? This guy's figured it the fuck out. No comments. Certainly has. It's showing up in every conversation because you hope one person in your friend group understands at least one of the ten words that Terrence Howard just said. And why haven't I learned this? We appreciate you, man. Real out of the LODs representing not only Dallas, but the United States of America. Bring it home, pals. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe. Gotta get one. Into the woodshed? No. We need to get that man a cup. Yeah. Get him the Lordo now. 18 years. Obviously, we did all the research before he came on before the show started we know all these things as these stats were potentially appearing in real time i was like hold the phone this guy's fucking doing it yeah 195 playoff games oh it's crazy that's shark's team it's a joe thor and brent burns yeah burns was the guy with the beard everybody also thought he was cooked on the sharks like i think the the Stars gave him a cheap one-year deal, and he's just kept going and going. He keeps getting better. And it was just like yesterday. He's playing for Waterloo Eagle. Waterloo Blackhawks. Come on, man. Okay, Eagleburg. Come on, man. Jesus. USHL powerhouse. How old was he there? USHL powerhouse. How old was he there? 17? It was before college. He would have went to high school for a little bit. Stayed with the family, I think. He was so fast there. USHL player of the year as well. Downer and Walrus? Yeah, best American junior. Wow. Superstar. Hey, America's doing it. We're starting to do it. We got the boys now. Although, we need a number one pick. We need our Bedard. That's what we need. But I guess Austin Matthews, you could argue. Yeah, but Bedard, he's lived up to the hype, hasn't he, in Chicago? Oh, yeah. So he's technically an American now. Oh, yeah. Chicago. That's our third largest city. Bingo. Same Yeah, just like Sidney Crosby. Exactly. He scored that goal for America in the Cup. From Jerome McGill also. Also American. All right. Shots of Povs, dude. What a legend. I can see why you're a big fan, Dumpy. What a stud there. He's a dog, man. Maybe like the best tipping in front of the net. The way he does it is incredible. He has real movement. Oh, yeah sick yeah he has real movement oh yeah filthy dude yeah it's not just like a distraction it's like nope whole new shot actually coming out of this thing yeah 2010 vision that's what i'm saying it's hand-eye coordination it's absurd that's why he's so good at golf yep that's what deborah wanted before you like yeah after your question deborah was gonna ask dry raceport was like just didn't finish third and tall hill this guy he was in a he was in like uh going into the 18th hole a couple years ago, like tied to win. Two years ago. And then ended up getting second, I think. Who was it? Marty? Him, I guess. Marty, him. Tony Romo. The pitcher won three years in a row, though. Was it Mulder? Mark Mulder. He won three years in a row. I mean, Steph won last year. Wasn't he the guy that you said practicing all night or something. Miz? That was the Miz. That's Miz. He's close to the path. Miz is bad. He's in that next group. No, Steph Curry was right next to us with a hitting coach and the track man. This is on the drive. I'm exhausted, hungover, 150 milligrams probably. This tee time is way too early. The fuck are we doing? There's still dew and everything like that. It's like, all right, let's go warm up. All right, let's do that. And I'm struggling to even hit the ball. And right behind me, Steph Curry's got a swing coach eyeing this thing with the track man behind it. And you're hitting a little bit behind it. We need to make a little offset right here. Let's go ahead and work on the 7-iron. I'm like, holy fuck, there's different levels to this tournament all of a sudden. Pabst is like, gotta be drunk when you're a golfer. I want him to win. He's a great golfer. I played with him, I don't know how many years ago. He was an unbelievable golfer, but his caddy is a hockey guy, another hockey player, fun dude, and yeah, Pab He's not just out there silently walking the fairways trying to score a low. God, you guys are going to have so much fun out there. All right, before we get out of here. Yeah, we will. We will. Scratch. That's crazy. Right now, Scratch. Try and get a little. Yeah, he's super humble. But he's been playing his whole life. Me still. I don't know. People play him 30, 40 years and never Have quite an advantage, though. Yep. Like Foxy. Bingo. Because they know. Yeah, I'm not even close to that, though. Yeah, but you're a good player. And I never had lessons. That would have helped a lot, too. Yeah, coach. Maybe not. No, trust me. I did not have a coach. Trust me on that one. Geez, high school golf coach up there in Michigan just got fucking married. Yeah Well, he's in Dallas now, so he can probably get out most of the year. Oh, yeah. Chuckie, he's down in South Florida, so living in these different areas. Hockey towns are all of a sudden getting a little better. Hockey's off-season is the summer, too. They're off-season is the summer, so they can just play. A lot of hockey guys good at their golf, I assume. Yes. Oh, yeah. I think there's a lot of people say that. But hockey seems like... I was watching this Asian guy on Instagram. Oh, yeah. He's my golf coach. Long, long hair. I don't think I know exactly what you're talking about. He's in that... Yeah, yeah. Always at night. Always at night. And then he was holding a driver like it was a hockey stick. And on the caption, it said, Just like hockey. And on the caption, it said, just like Hawking. I'm like, how come I never thought? How come I've never? This guy's a fucking wizard. Then I saw him with a crate. He had a crate. And he was like, this is what we're looking for. Not even saying a word. And then he puts that crate down. He grabs that driver. And it's the most beautiful thing I ever did see. So smooth. And that ball is gone. Yeah, can put it anywhere. Shape it however he wants. He's the best. Thank you for coaching me up. Thank you for coaching me up. Yeah, he said the one on his bottom hand. This is him. That is him. I've never seen him. My golf game has become easier since I realized that I can impact. This is him trying to fix baseball players. He said, this boy is just what you need to do. And it's gone. And it's gone and it's a beautiful shot to it. Yeah, I did head straight every shot real That's like a real background. He's hitting into yeah, that's where his Instagram go through his Instagram, please Can we go to the wide shot here? Makes it look so easy this guy on the tour Doug Can we go to his Instagram page Yep, here we go. So the every single thing he does is like literally fixing any problem you have. Go to that one left with the triangles on it. This is a big deal for him, adding these triangles. This is super high tech here. Look, this is what you guys are doing. Don't fucking do it. Red X, you idiots. Stop doing that. Look at you. You can still hit it, I guess. This is what we need to do. Up, down, out of the pocket, fucking dinger see ya look at this dude smoke balls all day dude all day he does this one of my favorite fall is my algorithm led me to him yeah feed to him the baseball swing x one was a good one too uh right there you seen king griffey swing he can hit it i had a chance to play with him so smooth it's depressing playing with him. That's what I do right there. Yep. Slice. Using, to top, using Kalashalo. Oh, that's his name. Kalamora teaches the Kalashalo swing. God. Go back, go to the split hand one that he has. There's a, right down there, swinging with a split hand makes the Kalashalo very easy to understand. Bang. Look. Look, you idiots. Just fucking. Just do that. That's all you got to do. Just fucking. Huh? Boom. That's all you got to do. Just like a hockey stick. Butter. See ya. Just do this, guys. Cowish shallow, man. Cowish shallow. This is When you ask me how I golf, I say fucking Kawashalo low, dude. Give it a late Tahoe. In the Kawashalo. This guy needs to be out on the driving range at the American Century Championship. I would say, what if you show up with him as your coach? What if he stinks? Don't look like he's from this country, so you have to fly him in from somewhere. I will fly him in. And there is a different language on every single caption, so we will assume that it is elsewhere. But the guy is a fucking beast. I don't know if he even knows how many people he's coaching right now. There's a lot of golf coaches charging a lot of money, and I'm just watching this guy golf every day on my phone. One thing you said, imagine your bottom hand like you're skipping rocks. Yeah, and then also weight transfer, same thing. Because weight transfer is a big deal for me i'm always doing the backward c you know one of these things when he's on there just think you know just just move that fucking split hand it's all in the hips just that easy it's just yeah but that's why watching golf is so tough because then you watch the felon scotty shuffler do it and it's like well he's all over the place why can't i just do it that way? He is still being charged potentially with what? Assaulting a police officer. Prosecutor. Prosecutor loves it. They love anything. That'll get their name somewhere. No offense. Not everybody. Obviously, we're not painting with a broad brush right there. Don't want to do that. Obviously. But the entire world agrees here. Misunderstanding? Sure. But the entire world agrees here. Misunderstanding? Sure. Scotty messed up? Sure. Was this a very easily mess-up-able situation that could easily just get fixed for both parties? Yeah. Yeah, probably could. He was in a marked car. He was in a marked car that all the golfers had. And his story, and I think Darlington's even said, like, he might have been pointed. Right. It was raining, and he didn't get the text message that I think Harmon said he got, that he got a text early enough so he was able to spend more time at the hotel or sleep in or something like that. So he came later. He wasn't at that exact time. So I don't know how many people are trying to get in. Number one golfer in the world trying to get in there at 6 a.m., though, trying to probably do a full-on thing. You could see how he's maybe focused on a tournament. It's dark. There's things going on. And I understand there's a lot of explainable criminal acts that take place. We're not saying anything. But this guy just brought a lot of money to your city. The people are literally going to watch this fucking guy. At the fucking out front of the course that he was i mean what is there not a look at his track record the guy's like the nicest guy nothing about him says like ah fuck it i'm gonna drive on the curb and run over this cop and i gotta i gotta go get you know gotta get my stretching in like it i mean you know i hope you know what if it's gonna go to court i hope they air the whole thing and i just the district attorney just his thing. I'm excited for the world to watch one of these people work. You know what I mean? When they're trying to earn their stripes in the attorney world. And maybe one day they'll be a judge and they make real decisions. And that's what's the most fascinating thing. This guy hasn't earned his stripes. He's been doing it for 20 plus years. If he's still a prosecuting attorney for this, probably a reason. If he's still a prosecuting attorney for this, probably a reason. Maybe we just think Scottie's a nice guy. We've never seen somebody try to get in between him and his fucking golf. You're right. Somebody latched onto a car. True. They say he latched onto a car. Scottie. Mister, mister. Get on the line. I'm going into the course. Been waiting to see something exciting from Scottie. It's probably bearded Scottie. Exciting from Scotty, right? Here we go. It's probably bearded Scotty. He was stretching. Scotty didn't know that he was a cop. You say he got some stretching in. Yeah. Could you imagine him doing a... In the middle of that. Hey, here's a bologna sandwich. It's supposed to be. And here's a couple cream cookies for you two. He said he didn't want to experience the whole thing. They asked me if I wanted a sandwich. He said, yeah. I'll do the jail sandwich, I guess. Think he dumped in there? Think he dumped in an open toilet right there? Oh, he just had his first sip of coffee as he's driving to the man. Some people are on a schedule. They dump every morning. Golfers are probably baseball players. They have a routine. Here we go. This is where I'm at here. This is what I'm doing at 730. This is what I'm doing at 830. What if Scotty all of a sudden got there? He's like, hey, do you have a private toilet somewhere? And they're like, nope, right there. What if he's already bribing the guards to tell So he actually thought, alright, I saw that it was delayed, so maybe there was a chance I could get out of there and make it. So that's why he started doing his calisthenics. What a sane dude. What a fucking sane... I'm sure they'll go back to Valhalla. Yeah, no doubt. I don't know if they're making that decision. No, I don't think so. Imagine if he gets He gets, might just go to his trial, does a full thing. That would be wild. No way. The winner of 20-under. There's probably a lot of people saying, yeah, we should take a look at the whole criminal justice. What's going on? It's like, well, that's way over our head. All I know is the number one golfer in the fucking world cannot be catching a felony charge outside of the golf course in which he's competing. I just don't think that should happen in the world in which we live but hey who knows we're the dumb ones hey smart people figure it out speaking of figuring it out let's figure out a way to give some money away shall we hell yeah i want 0 for 8 on basketball shots that i don't think are indicative of what the packer season is going to be even though we were talking about the packers and introing the field to beat matt steinman on his birthday at the time and he told us that the shirt that he was wearing that clearly said Italy was France. So I'm not going to say that things are not going well there, but that doesn't mean anything about the Packers, right? No, absolutely not. Well, how about we make it right with the Packers universe? Sounds good. Pac-Man Jones, what do you want to do to win 20 people $500 and turn the tide on what the Packers are having happen from the universe today. Sweet glasses. Those are tactical glasses. Actually, they have a yellow lens in them. It's not a blue hue lens. It is a tactical. You can wear them if you're hunting or you're on a mission. You can wear them. Bingo. If you're out there in the middle of war, you put those on, you see a little better. Nobody's going to sneak up on you. And they're from Louis Vuitton too, so you can even wear them to a fashion show. Are they night vision two-packs? Depending on what you're looking at. Yeah, if Scotty had those on, I think you would have been able to see better. Those look like something Scotty would wear. Well, how about the orange jumpsuit? Is that something that would look like Scotty would wear? It It's a wild time. He needs to show up in at least the top of that jumpsuit for one of the tournaments. I love afterwards when he was at his press conference. He goes, I'm only talking about the golf. I'm not talking about the arrest. Thank you so much. And then he asked me, yeah, I mean, that's crazy. I was. He can't help it. He's a good dude. He's just real. Once again, I'm only talking about the the golf the next question he goes yeah i i mean the more i was pretty confused yeah i don't you know like it was every answer he was giving like more and more i don't want to talk about but more and more it was like this is an awesome situation i do feel like he's probably fully embraced it and he's currently being charged uh with a felony yeah so it's not not a laugh about no no hashtag hashtag free scotty you think scotty scheffler ever thought he'd be on the end of a hashtag that has free at the beginning of it i mean the mugshot t-shirts were already on the course yeah oh that was awesome the boys love that boys are working need to get to a uh uh steam steam press uh quick need to get that yep yeah mugshot and then the uh prison scotty uh michael scott meme That was a good one. That was good. Anyways, we hope the family's taking this incredibly serious charge. Yep. How they should be. Now, it'd be really cool if a man with tactical glasses on from Louis Vuitton, who has a song called All the Smoke, available now on all platforms. Was able to do... Free Scotty. Free Scotty for the putts. Here we go. I like that. Free Scotty. Absolutely. I'll tell you what. What if you don't make it and Scotty goes to jail? 20 plus. This is for Scotty. We just asked the universe, basically, to say this one's for Scotty. The back is really good. How many? Wow. Scotty Cameron putter right now. For Scotty. Kind of all lining up. And for the people. Pac-Man Jones, there is seven balls there. How many do you think you'll be able to make? Playing pretty good right now. He's seeing the ball well. Okay, if he goes three of seven, Scottie Scheffler will not go to jail, and 20 people will win $500 on this Football Wednesday. Go ahead, Pac-Man Jones. Good angle from Jabba there. Whichever one you want. Whichever one you want. Great job. All the smoke available now on all the platforms. Jabba's getting active, obviously, because free Scotty. Oh, no. We got a pool there on the first one. We're going to have to make now three of the next six. Yes. Three of the next six. That's nothing for Pac-Man Jones or Scotty Shuffler. Oh, no. Pretty good speed, though. Conviction. Good speed. Confidence. Sweet shorts. Holy shit. Okay, got to go three or four here. Before you do that, those shorts are sweet. Did we know there was fur on those shorts? I didn't see that. Is that a Lamborghini logo on your shoes, too? Ferrari. Ferrari kid. Ferrari kid. I don't know the cars. Three of four here. Pac-Man, 10 people will win. 20 people. Hey! All right, here we go. If he goes two of three, 20 people will win $500 on this All the Smoke Wednesday. Ooh, nice. Bam. Okay. All of a sudden, it comes down to the final two balls. If Adam Pacman Jones can bury one of them, 20 people. Here we go. Game seven. Yep, game seven. Ladies and gentlemen, it all comes down to this. All the Smoke is available on all platforms the music video is out now and adam oh i thought that i thought he restrains himself for sure it's okay it's what does that mean about scotty scheffler we don't know but what we do know all the smokes don't you worry about that's tough green tough roll a lot of people have missed a lot of shots on there, but we thought maybe 20 people could win $500 on this glorious Wednesday. Instead, we'll have to delay it one week. That's A.J. Hawk. The boys are here. In the back, great work, fellas. Great work. Deep watch, great week. Pac-Man, incredible work, pal. Hope that all the smoke go ain't excited for tonight Sounds like you got a big one down there in Cincinnati Gonna be a movie tonight Riverfront In Cincinnati American Dream Tour Are you wearing the tactical Louis Vuittons I don't know if I'm wearing the tactical Louis Vuittons You should You know I'm a big sunglasses guy So you know what I mean Might spaz it up a little bit A little pizzazz tonight. Pizzazz. As we get the hell out of here, and we'll be back tomorrow, we're going to play the Old Smoke music video. Hell, yeah. Enjoy the hell out of it. Great production, great song, great banger. And hopefully we'll have a better show for you tomorrow. I Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together, okay? Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye. Bye. We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke Packin' breeze, packin' genies Packages gettin' mac and cheese Half of these niggas ain't with that action They just actin', actually they casualties This ain't just no rapper slash no athlete What you hearin' really be happenin' Been havin' things, everything we take Gon' jump like trampolines I don't need no gasoline No rappers, slash, no athletes. What you hearing really be happening? Been having things. Everything we take gon' jump like trampolines. I don't need no gasoline. Overseas like we speak Japanese. 6-0, 6-0, 6-0. Pack moving, skid so. Six flow, big dough. In half, ten flow. Big bro. Shake him down, shake him low. 36 for the low. Jody, shake him down, shake him I'm out. We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke I might, I might pull up, been by the bed How bout Cartier Lanzon? Bit booty fit, bad look bad I told her to bring all her friends on I might pull up Roseworth With the bed behind me, two twins on Cartier with the big stone With the Cuban link with the hundred on Real nigga shit, been getting rich All that hoe shit, we ain't finna fall for it Yeah, who got the smoke? And that just a little bit Bitch, we want all the We want all the smoke Bulldog 44, drinkers on Draco Killers move when they say so Run them down like Mako We want all the smoke Pack and breeze, packaging these packages' mac and cheese, half of these Niggas ain't with that action, they just actin' Actually, they casualties This ain't just no rapper slash no athlete What you hearin' really be happenin' We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke We want all the smoke Outro Music Thanks for watching!