Thank you. so Thank you. Thank you. so so so Hello. Hello. Countdown begins in 30 seconds now. 9-10-80-Benefit, kind of at 114 days till NFL football. Now Ravens and the Chiefs on September 5th. 102 days till college football. Week 0 down. 9-10-80-Benefit, kind of at NHL Series. The Panthers up 3-1 to the Bruins now. 9-10-80-Coopers, 2-1 to the Oilers and Rangers up 2-1 to the Hurricanes here. And 9-2 to the Stars. 3-1 to the Avalanche now. 9-2 to the NBA Series Pacers. And the Knicks are tied 2-2. 9-2 to the Timberwolves and the Nuggets tied 2-2. Now Thunder Mavericks were tied 2-2. 9 Celtics 3-1 on the Cavs. Paul Skeens. Here he goes. Seven strikeouts. Debut Pittsburgh versus the Cubs now. And I have Indiana Fever. Kaitlin Clark debuts tonight, 8 p.m. on ESPN2. And Pat McAfee's show starts live. And I'm going to get five. And I'm going to get one. And I'm going to get one. And I'm going to get one. And I'm going to get Starts live now. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig. Stop. Stop. Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this Fast-Talking Tuesday, May 14, 2024. This sports program starts now. Sports! Our wonderful Azar auctioneers. You know, we just had the incredible opportunity to see Matt Moravec, Mecham Auto Auctioneer, do his thing. We got to hang out with him all morning. 24 years he's been auctioneering for this Mecham Auto Auctions. And I'll tell you what, if you've never been whenever they come to your city, you need to go. I am mesmerized by the show that they put on. I'm a car person, so I obviously don't mind seeing $730,000 vehicles kind of strut in front of you. And then right afterwards, a jacked-up truck with fire flames on them and a V9 engine somehow. Instead of a V8 going in front of you then a three-wheeler then a quad then a lambo then a ford bronco from 1995 two years after sure same color the famous infamous oj simpson ford bronco then it just never stops all day they've been here for uh i think four days they got five days left here. Nine days worth of just cars coming across the thing. Memorabilia collected. It is awesome. It's a museum. It is a blast. And Matt has been an absolute stud for us taking care of us since I literally met him a few years back. Thank you to him for opening it. By the way, that was sports. They covered everything going on in sports right now. And he even gave a countdown. I think it was a minute and one second. He said it was a 30-second countdown, so he certainly lied to everybody immediately upon starting. But that was fantastic, and sports are amazing right now. We've got playoffs happening, obviously, NBA, NHL. We're going to keep up with that. We've got stories building in the NBA around LeB Is he going back home? Is he going back home? Maybe. What about Bronny? He hits 12 straight threes. Now, a lot of people are saying, wow, that guy's taking forever to shoot that ball. But all I'm seeing is the ball go into the bucket. I thought Bronny couldn't shoot. Everybody says he's going to be great on defense. He can jump, obviously, high. But his offensive efficiency, not that great. Look at how many points he scored at USC Barry, 12 straight threes. Feels like he's going to be on a head start, too, to potentially get on a team because of who his dad is. So we're excited to kind of ask Wendy in seven minutes to tell us everything about everything. Obviously, the NBA had a great night of playoffs last night. We also have the amazing, old bastard, P.K. Subban, joining us fresh off a birthday. Wow. He's had a full week to celebrate his birthday. ESPN let him not take work or not work for a week because he's celebrating a 35th birthday, I do believe, or something like that. So happy birthday to him. Paul Skeens will be joining us in the second hour, obviously to chit-chat about what he's doing in Pittsburgh, which is saving baseball potentially for an entire city that I think would love baseball if the team was worth a damn at all. Paul Skeens is coming back, bringing a little bit of magic. We'll chat with him in the second hour. And then Julian Edelman will join us in the third hour to talk roast, talk football, talk Tom, talk life, talk his podcast, Games with Names, which is obviously fantastic. We're lucky to be here chit-chatting about NFL news obviously every single day. The Talks at Table is here at Boston Connor at Ty Schmidt con man no dogs today just bears yeah that's right Bruins all day I mean yesterday you know some fans wear their jerseys to prove to people that they're you know fans of a team some fans wear them when it's actually game day and obviously I mean you might not know because this is an old McAvoy's years yeah I've had this for quite some time he's got the a on his now but you know I feel great about where the Bruins are at down Down 3-1. Backs against the wall. What's going to happen? We're going to find out tonight, but we know what the big rig is saying. We've got to win a hockey game, okay? So that's what we're looking for, and you know, the Celtics obviously took care of business easy last night. Now, the Rangers are up 3-1 over the Canes, and obviously last night, now it's 3-2. Wait a second, New Not good. Yikes. You got the Pacers traveling to town, too. Big bad wolves are coming to town. After winning by 40, you got the Rangers potentially going to blow a 3-1. Seriously. No way. They can't. We were just talking a little bit ago, a couple weeks ago, or maybe last week, I guess. The Rangers are now going to be considered a team that started 7-0 in their playoff run. There's been 11 teams in the history of the NHL that have started 7-0 in their playoff run. Eight of them would go on to win the Cup. Three of them would lose. Are the New York Rangers about to make that four? Out of 12 people that have gone 7-0? I saw a man named Jim Kelly last night. He's a bald guy. He used to work for the New York Police Department. Now he's part of security at WWE. And boy, he's riding high. You know, with how good the Knicks have been. Indiana Pacers are killing him. How good the Rangers are. Hurricanes maybe turned this entire thing around. Jim Kelly and everybody else from that big suit city might be swallowing a couple, you know, oh noes. If they ruin this entire run that was supposed to be fantastic and majestic both on the ice and on the hardwood for New York. This Hurricanes team is not going to give up. And obviously we get nothing but respect for this Rangers squad. I like the way they play. I like their toughness. I like their skill. I like how they've come around. And they're more experienced than they've ever been. And maybe this is the year they get going. But this Kings team ain't going to go down there with the odds on favorite to win the Stanley Cup starting the playoff series. I think they were reminded of that last night, especially in a back-against-the-wall, must-win situation. Now that series is at 3-2. Here we go. The only team that could potentially be a big dud in this particular series would be the Boston Bruins if they were to lose 4-1 to the Florida Panthers. But that obviously is going to change this evening, or will it? Ladies Obviously, he's going to change this evening, or will it? Ladies and gentlemen, nine-year NFL vet, massive Florida Panthers fan, has been for the entirety of his hockey fandom. Darius J. Ball. 1993. That's right. Here we go. Big game. Big closeout game down at Sunrise. Reservations already made at Elbow Room. Big game. Talked to Moose yesterday. He talked about how important this game, five closeout game at home so it'll be tough bruins to show up i'm sure but uh i got all the faith in the world and the boys i said the bruins could be the only team that make it's boring but uh obviously stars are up through one over the avalanches well big night big night texas hockey starting to feel like 99 boys starting to feel like 1999 wow we got people taking real deep trips to celebrate something again. A long time ago. That is a long time ago. Not as long as you sorry asses up there in Detroit. I know. One of those teams that started 7-0 actually lost to the Detroit Red Wings in 2008. Do you remember who that was, Pat? Well, who was it? I think it was the Pittsburgh Penguins. One of the teams? No way. No one of the teams no way all right and then what happened yeah then next year what happened hosa came and said hey you know what this thing's all over and then he went to your team one they won over chicago i believe they won there too so he uh he's a miracle worker that guy uh one half of the hammer died cowboys tone digs back tone we missed you yesterday you look fantastic pal thank you second best cowboy hat on the program today. Yeah, by far. Matt had his summer cowboy hat on. I'm still wearing my felt winter because, you know, temperature in here is always nice and perfect. Cold, you said. No, I said nice and perfect. I like the way you described it. I do owe a couple apologies to New York Rangers fans and Minnesota Timberwolves fans. Since we did the better jump on the bandwagon. Full announcement. Full announcement, yep. Neither of those teams have won. Those teams are completely defeated since we did the jump on the bandwagon. Don't miss the UConn Huskies train. That kind of happens sometimes in sports gambling when you start talking about things too much. Those old gambling gods. We're talking immediately afterwards. We're talking as soon as it was said, gambling gods said, that's cute, and then changed fortune quickly. Two different sports, two different cities, two different teams, all because of you potentially. Yeah, you have to say it. You feel pretty good about yourself if you think you're the reason why. Two different sports, two different teams, to say... You feel pretty good about yourself if you think you're the reason why. Two different sports, two different teams, two different cities. You can't completely rule it out, can you? Not with these gambling gods, with the way they operate. If Cowher was the one doing the siren down in Carolina... Who did do the siren? Not sure. The head coach of the NC State rowing team, right? Oh yeah, he got a good crew team there. And they came out, boys were flying when they saw that. Don Cebalski did it? Is that, you know, he got, you don't know. That's the head coach of the rowing team. No, he's not there anymore. He went to Harvard. Yeah, Duke. Oh, wow. He's moving up in the world. Yeah, I think so. Anyways, we didn't knock off the evil New York Rangers for the good of everybody. You did ruin their fortunes potentially, but that can always change. That could be another heater that we could potentially ride. Like, for instance, the Boston Celtics, are they all the way back? Have they figured it out? Are they going to go ahead and just murder everybody all the way through like they were supposed to do until they lost at home to Spida Mitchell a couple games ago? Yeah, it's like, okay, Heat without Jimmy Butler, Cavs missing Donovan Mitchell. It's not their fault, but it's just there is now no excuse. And, you know, if it ends up being the Knicks, if it ends up being the Pacers, the Knicks are banged up, and then the Pacers Jalen Brunson. So for both, or excuse me, Dame Lillard. So for both of those teams. Dame Lillard played in the elimination. Yeah, like Mitchell. He played a couple games, missed a couple. But at the end of the day, it doesn't matter. You know, the Celtics are just knocking these people down as they come at them. Is it their fault that they're beating the shit out of everybody and that they're better than everybody? bashing because of how easy it has been. The NBA feels like, at least in some situations, I guess, I can't just paint a full broad brush because I'm not paying attention to everybody, but this is a war of attrition on the East. If you can survive, if you can remain healthy, you're going to be in a good spot, which is why I think the Pacers are so damn optimistic. They feel very good about how they're playing right now, the health of their team right now. Obviously, there's people that are banged up. You're this late into a season at 82 and then now a full playoff run. Nobody's going to be at 100%, but it's like, who's the healthiest? Seems to be a massive advantage in the NBA playoffs. Oh, yeah. We need to keep an eye on that whenever we're gambling. For real. In the West. Sean's out again. You know that. Yeah, I saw Ruedock game five. It's tough, man. You took a shot, playoff hockey shot. You know, it is tough. I hate seeing guys get injured, and you want to beat teams at their best. But, you know, it's part of the game. Joining us now is not in the NHL, and he is healthy. He's better than ever set. We couldn't hear everything he was saying, but he was saying that good shit. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, ESPN legend, made it to play high school basketball with LeBron James, Mr. Windy, Brian Windy. Yeah, Windy! How are you, brother? Hey, man, I just had a weekend in Indy. My first time in years. How was it? Indy was awesome on Saturday night. It was beautiful weather. There was some concert of a group I'd never heard of at the field house. We got prom was going on. We got dozens of very happy couples moving downtown. But we got something to happen in downtown India since last time I was there. A big setback for the city in my mind. And I found out the hard way. The bums? Steak and Shake ain't open 24 hours anymore no way that's not real is that real downtown steak and shake the heartbeat of the nba beat writer for decades oh no locked up i was like i was set back i was set back i'm still recovering from it okay. Okay? This is kind of important. The booze bags of Indianapolis are kind of in shock as well. That used to be, you go out downtown, and then you all just kind of take the pilgrimage, just take a shake, and that could be 2, 33, 34. I think Kyle Busch and I were in there at 4.45 a.m. one time. Yeah. Getting an ice burger. One of those melts. Oh 45 a.m. one time. Yeah. Getting an ice burger. One of those melts. Oh, yeah. One of those melts with like Texas bread or whatever. Yeah, you bet. And then they got it in the fries with cheese. Oh, yeah. Oh. Two types of couples going to prom on Saturday night. There were the couples that were going into St. Elmo's. Oh, okay. You know, they were in a good spot in life. They did you know they were they were they're in a good spot in life and then there were the couples who filled steak and shake to the brim later on that night those are the people i want to hang out with instead they were saying no wendy get your fat ass out of here you can't come here at midnight that's unbelievable hey steak and shake enough okay be you are. You can't afford to be the people that close up at midnight. We're supposed to host the biggest events. You know why we're able to do that? Not only because everything's connected and you can walk everywhere, but because Steak and Shake is serving smiles all day, all night. I'm mind-blown, Wendy. I think you might have caught it on a bad night. Maybe some... I saw it several nights. All night. I'm mind blown, Wendy. I think you might have caught it on a bad night. Maybe some. Huh? I saw it several nights. Listen, maybe on Saturday and Sunday. But, you know, they play Pacers games on non-Saturday. That's it. That's it. That's the one. Locked up tighter than a drum Thursday night when I got in there. Tighter than a drum. There's bad. We all like to apologize for that. Obviously, Wendy, by the next time you're here, we're going to find a cheap burger place that'll stay open all night for all of us. Let's talk about some of the stuff that happened here. Obviously, when you were in town, the Pacers beat the shit out of the Knicks. The boys are going to ask you about that that. That is a great thing. I like where we are as a city for a potential parade coming to town. Now, obviously the West is doing its thing. Let's talk about the news that wasn't in the playoffs that happened last night. It involves the family that SportsCenter's Instagram account has been kind of focusing on for the last four years. LeBron James goes back to the Cleveland Cavaliers. He's sitting courtside, standing ovation. He's got a bottle of wine under him, some water, a coffee, having the night of his life. The city of Cleveland goes bananas for him. Well-deserved. Just a kid from Akron. Hell yeah, bro. Just a kid from Akron. Well-deserved. Now, obviously, after he left, there was some stuff between the ownership and him. I assume that's all the way. Why was he there? Do he was there? Was he getting Jersey retired or something, Wendy? What was going on there? I will give you the answer I've been given, and you can decide whether you believe that. I was told that it was Mother's Day weekend. Actually, it was Monday, but okay, Mother's Day weekend, and Savannah and LeBron came back to Akron to see their moms, and so they were in town, so they took in a game. They were the guests of Dan Gilbert, the Cavs owner. The carpet was worn out. Now, here's the thing. So he gets there. I don't know anything about wine. I don't know if you guys are wine guys. We're in sake and shake at 3 a.m., pal. You know. I think that speaks for itself in terms of me. All right. There was a bottle of wine under his seat, and I saw it on Twitter X. It had something written on it i need some sleuths well i needed like that csi where they go enhance yes enhance because so you know like somebody took a picture of it you could see that was written i want to know what was written on it but there was a bottle opus one waiting for him he you know here's the thing about lebron if you know anything about lebron the fastest way to piss him off is to be late. This is a man who is obsessively on time. But he was late. He didn't make tip-off. He came in strategically, some might say. Some might say it was traffic. I don't know. But he came in during the first timeout so he could make a grand entrance. Look at me. He did it on purpose. Wendy, watch I was told that his agent, Rich Paul, called the Lakers earlier in the day and was like, hey, listen, just so you know, LeBron's going to be going to the Cavs' Celtics game tonight. No big deal. Just don't want you to be caught by surprise. Ten years ago, as I'm watching the game, two things are happening as I'm watching the game. First thing, I'm thinking about ten years ago when he was a member of the Miami Heat. He came to a Cavs game, flew over from Chicago on a private plane because his longtime teammate, Zydrunas Logauskas, was getting his jersey retired. It was an off night. The Heat had a game on Sunday afternoon. He flew over. And I was told at that time, doesn't mean anything. Just respect for his teammate. And a few months later, he signed there. Okay. The second thing that was going on was I was having NBA general managers text me back my own meme. Text me back my own meme going me back my own meme going what's going on in cleveland what's going on in cleveland so while on one hand um i think lebron is always strategic and i do believe that he wants to remain a laker and i have been told that um this was no big deal he was just in town to see family. It does make you wonder because he knew that he would be on all the shows being today wondering what was going on. Well, he's LeBron James. Everything he does publicly is going to be talked about and speculated upon. Whenever you say LeBron James flew private, I think you just get rid of the... I don't know if he's going into... Southwest. I don't know if he's going into any airports at this stage. Congratulations, by the way. Good work, Bron. Very expensive. Obviously, let's take care of the Ozone. Let's take care of the Ozone and this entire thing. Let's go a little bit deeper here. Now, he can opt out of his contract, obviously, with the Lakers. He has until June to do as such, I do believe, from our last conversation. Where do the Cavaliers sit in draft? sitting in draft uh because now obviously sham sharoni a friend of the program he's talking about how the lakers have basically said they're they're okay with drafting brawny if that's something you know that would not only entice lebron to stay but also if it would make their team better and obviously they know he went to usc grew up in la it could be a perfect situation for both parties i think he said second round or like late first what are the calves draft situation and uh is that falling into any of this thought process that you're having about lebron getting a warm welcome back in cleveland whenever his future is potentially still in question well first off bronnie had a great day yesterday the first day at the combine you know we really hadn't seen him play for months um He shot the heck out of the ball. You know, he didn't shoot well at all at USC. Shot terribly from three-point range. Now, Grant, these are drills, but he really impressed scouts. He went 19 to 25, and this drill here was second best, and that was very impressive. Secondly, he has really added some weight. He probably played at USC 195, 197, weighed in at 210, and definitely had added muscle. He did measure in bare feet at 6'1 1⁄2". He was listed at 6'3 at USC. I don't think anybody actually believed he was 6'3". Yeah, you NBA people lie all the time. The NFL tries to make people as small as possible. The NBA is like, let's put two socks on. Let's get some shoes on. We want them to think these guys are as big as possible. The NFL is like, we want them as tiny. Well, nobody in the NBA is 6'9". They're all 6'10". Nobody in the NBA is 6'11", except for Kevin Garnett, always said 6'11", even though he's like 7'1". You know, nobody's 6'1". I'll bet you won't see one player in the NBA listed at 6'1". They're all 6'2", if not 6'3". I love that. I love that. I wish we could do that in the NFL. I would have been 6'3", bombing balls. It would have been fantastic. Yeah, but it was a really good day for him. And I think he is, you know, we'll see, starting to do scrimmages tonight. I think he's trending towards getting drafted. Now, you asked me about the Cavs and the Lakers. The Cavs have the 20th pick, I believe, in the first round, 20-21st pick. Lakers have the 17th pick. I am not a draft expert. I am not going to sit here and BS you and tell you I've watched film and all these guys. To be honest with you, I got so much going on with the playoffs. Most of these guys who get drafted, I'm not going to have seen them play. I learn them when they do Summer League and when they get to the NBA. I'm not going to... We don't know anything. Alex Saar is going to be... First five guys. Never heard of him. I actually have seen... The guy who might get picked first, Zachary Richichet. I actually have seen him in person. That was a strange one-off. I'm not going to try to pretend like I'm a draft expert. That said, the experts I talked to think that Bronny is a good chance. Bronny is going to get drafted. I don't think he'll be a first-round pick unless somebody is making a move. But I'm also going to tell you that anybody who says they know what's going to happen with Bronny right now, they're just guessing. Teams don't know him. Teams haven't got a chance to hear from him. So this next week and then workouts over the next three weeks, we're going to know more about him. You ask me that question in a month, I'll have a better answer for you. So, yes, the question is, does drafting Bronny might make you have a chance to get LeBron? Is that something the Cavs or another team would consider? So Rich Paul, his agent, is on the record. This is not whispered, sourced, and said. Rich Paul, his agent, is on the record as saying that that's not the case, that they're going to try to get Bronny into a place where he can worry about his own career, that that is not something that, you know, you draft Bronny, it doesn't mean you're getting Bron, et cetera, et cetera. But I assume most of us are fathers or some of us are fathers. Hell yeah. We know what LeBron has said. LeBron wants to play with his son. Now, I don't necessarily know if that's going to happen this year. I don't know if he would walk away from the team. I believe firmly he's going to end up back with the Lakers and the Lakers are going to give him the contract he wants and they're going to try to make a trade to improve the roster and they might even draft Brawny. But we know LeBron wants to play with him. Whether or not it works out, I don't have an answer for you today. Let's just wait and see how things go. Oh, Wendy, you're supposed to give us unreasonable answers. I know. See you guys later. I'm sorry. Well, it's probably an audio book. While I'm talking about Indiana problems, if the Pacers win two more games, conference finals in Indiana goes over Indy 500 weekend. I mean, what you guys are trying to get through hotel rooms, we're getting a little out of control here, folks. There's 300,000 people coming to the city. It's Indy 500. There's 300,000 people coming, Wendy. All right. All right. I've done this before. When the Heat played the Pacers, I learned all these rules about Indy on Indy 500 weekend. The race ain't on TV. Like, it's 1947. I don't understand why. Yes! The race aren't on TV. The race isn't on TV. Everybody listens on the radio. That's what I learned. Secondly, on Monday, apparently, there's a seven-hour banquet with all the racers. And that is on TV. And if you want to watch the other NBA playoff game and you're in a bar, good luck. You've got to wait until after the banquet is over. No, no, no. So now that's on NBC, I do believe. So now it should be with the way the rights are. No, no, no. No, it's not the channel. They wouldn't change it. They said no. The banquet is on. Well, Wendy, we need to hear from the person that came in third to last. Yeah, of course. In the 8500. Their race ended quick. We didn't even get a chance to hear their sponsors. They got to get up there and talk about winning. You won $14,000. Wow. You paid for two nights at the Courtyard by Mary. All right. All right, Wendy. Let's talk about the playoffs, shall we? And All right, Wendy. Let's talk about the playoffs, shall we? And let's stick with that particular series. Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, Wendy, in terms of Mavs and Thunder. Oh, no, I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. Yeah, it's on me. All good, all good. It seems like for whatever reason, Kyrie and Luka are not on the same page in terms of neither one of them are both having a good night on the same night. are both having a good night on the same night. Last time you were on here, you said, Luca, you were a little bit worried about whether or not he's actually 100%. I think it's fairly obvious that he's not. Are we concerned now at this point? Because after the last game, it looked like, hey, Mavs, they're going to be just fine. They're going to take care of the Thunder. But now that's kind of turned a little bit. Do you expect the Mavs to Kyrie and Luka to both play well on the same night? And are they going to be able to take care of the Thunder? Or is the Thunder potentially going to run away with this one? Well, I thought so. They were up like six or seven points at home in the fourth quarter last night. I mean, what's the chances of the Thunder going on that run to end the game? Now, I have big respect for the Thunder. Shea Gildas Alexander is a killer in clutch time situations. He did it to him again last night. Luka, okay, so Luka is not playing well. He had more turnovers than baskets last night. He was grabbing at that right knee the whole game. It also has to do with Lou Dort. Lou Dort put Brandon Ingram through hell in the first round. He is putting Luka through it now. That said, nobody's stopping Luka if he's right. Even if you've got a great defender and you're putting on the help defense. Luka, I think it's a combination of great defense from the Thunder and Lou Dort is ahead of that. And Luka's just not right. And even Kyrie. Here's something else. The Thunder are kind of baiting the Mavericks into passing the ball to their role players. And the Mavericks are kind of taking the bait. P.J. Washington, he's been making all these shots and it's been awesome. He's been celebrated. But last night, he had 19 shots and Kyrie had 11. That's a win. Obviously, the Thunder had some egg on their face when he was making them in games two and three, but they didn't change their strategy. They stuck with it. They're focusing on those two guys. If they're going to get beat, they're going to get beat by the role players. And it didn't work last night. At the end of the game, they couldn't get a basket when they needed it. Chet Holmgren, beast inside. The Mavericks are 1-14 shooting when he's the defender last night. I think the Mavericks, at their top end, are the better team, but I don't know about Luka. He looked bad in game one, looked much better in two and three, and then last night was back down again. I don't have a feel for this series, but I thought this was 3-1. I was ready to go to bed, man, 3-1, and But I thought this was 3-1 I was ready to go to bed And the Thunder pulled out 2-2 The video coming out of the Mavs Walking to their locker room They felt it as well The last time you came on the show You said something about Luka not being able to hit that step back And then he came out and he did That injury seems to be wearing on him And you talked about PJ Walker He was Dallas' leading scorer Once in the regular season. He has been Dallas' leading scorer in each of the last three games. Okay? Dallas hasn't had a 30-point score in any game this series yet. And that's from Hembo. So, literally, as you were mentioning, like, role players getting the rock, it feels like that's a stat that kind of paints that picture perfectly. And you've said a couple times now, I don't know. Hey, Wendy, we're going to need you to start knowing, okay? That's why you're here. You're the big brain from Omaha. That's what we've got going on. Connor's got a question for you about Boston. Yeah, Brian, obviously the Celtics are kind of rolling right now, but one guy missing, Porzingis, is someone that everyone in Boston is looking for as far as hopes to win the entire thing. Are there any updates on him? Can we expect him to possibly play in the Eastern Conference Finals? Or is this going to be something that if the Celtics, hopefully when they make the Finals, he may be able to join them for that run of games in that series? Confident Indy guys asking about their next round opponent. I see what you're talking about. Well, not that Steak and Shake is closing up. We might have lost our grit and our job here in this city. I didn't know that. Also, the Pacers suck. I love the Celtics. That's right. I'm sorry. I apologize. Al Horford has played center in this series against the Cavs. He's done pretty well, but he's wearing down a little bit. I thought he showed some wear last night against Evan Mobley. So, first off, Porzingis was never playing in this series, and I'd kind of be surprised if he starts the conference finals, which could start either Sunday or next Tuesday, depending on what happens with Pacers-Knicks. So, I don't think Porzingis is going to be ready for the start of the conference finals. The question is, do the Celtics need him? They might because the Pacers play high tempo, and if the Pacers win this series, they're really deep. That may give Boston a little bit of an issue because I just don't know if Horford can play as a starter this many minutes. Especially with Miles Turner doing what Miles Turner's doing. Miles Turner's doing windmill dunks in the paint in traffic. And windmill threes. Forget about that. Chase down blocks at one game three, buddy. That was his moment. His best moment as a pacer. That should be immortalized on a banner outside Steak and Shake when I get back to town on Friday. Immortalized? It's the second round, Wendy. Gee. How have the pacers done? How have the pacers done since 2000? We haven't seen too many. Oh, shut up, Wendy. Oh, shut up. You know, the last time you were in town is when Miami was, yeah, 8,500. I learned about it when Miami was in town. Yeah, we didn't have the heatles, okay? We didn't change basketball forever. We just happened to meet them in the Eastern Conference Final back-to-back years. That's what the Pacers have done since 2000. And I was actually in building for those. And it feels like the city's back behind. Yeah, truly. Back behind the Pacers in a big way. Speaking of that particular series, Tone has a question for you. Yeah, Wendy, there is an ugly head that keeps coming back for Tibbs' coach teams, and that is injuries late in the season and in the playoffs, and it's happened to the Knicks this year. Everyone knows Tibbs likes his guys to play hard and play a lot of minutes. What is the talk around the NBA circles circles about is this another situation uh where tibbs is getting blamed for this there's a just bad luck and how's the nba feel about uh the injury situation in new york yeah there's some chirping about it because you know the next defense for all the minutes is like well our guys are hurt and that's true like they definitely are missing some guys but the og andanobi's injury probably changed this series. Now, the Knicks can still, it's a three-game series. The Knicks have two of them at home. If the Knicks win this series, it's not at all surprising, but Oji Ananobi going out changed the course of this series, and Oji went out, in my view, because of overuse. He had played the last four games before he blew out his hamstring. He played the most minutes of any four games in his career. And that injury, look, I'm not an athlete. I'm not a doctor, but he was running down the floor and his hamstring popped. That's a use thing, I think. And so you can't look at Tibbs and say that that's not a factor. Can't look at Tibbs and say that that's not a factor. That said, these guys love Tibbs so much. I don't know if I've ever seen a team, if I have, it's a very small number, where the players have such an appreciation for the coach and respect for the coach and what he wants, and they want to do it. It's really kind of awesome to see. It's why the fans in New York love this team so much. If they're going to go down, I swear to a man, if they're going to go down and it's the way Tibbs wants to play, I think they're willing to go down. The one thing I will say, obviously on Sunday, when they had 36 hours between games, the Knicks just didn't have it. Huge advantage pacers. That's why I would say. If the Knicks are going to win, the Knicks got to win five and six. Because Sunday, it's 36 hours again. It's Friday night, and then they play Sunday afternoon for game seven. The Knicks get a break because of Kaitlyn Clark. Kaitlyn Clark, her first assist is to the Knicks, and she's got Gaines Bridge Fieldhouse on Thursday. Oh, shut up, Whitney. The Fever. The Fever got the arena on Thursday night. He ain't moving that booking, so they get two days off between games five and six. So the Knicks get to play tonight at home. Huge, huge moment. One of the biggest games they've had in the Garden in 20 years. That's no lie. I was joking about the Pacers. Knicks can't hold a candle to what the Pacers have done the last 20 years, 25 years. That's the truth. And then they get two days off between now and game six. I don't like the Knicks' chances on a short turnaround in game seven, even in the Garden. So if the Knicks are going to do it, if the Pacers get this to seven, I think they've got a good chance. Obviously, if they have a chance to clinch at home on Friday, they hold a great opportunity. But the Pacers can get tonight's game and give themselves either, A, a chance to clinch at home or a chance to play the Knicks on a 36-hour turnaround. It comes down to everything in tonight. It really does. Yeah, I can't wait to watch tonight. I feel like the Pacers are buzzing. They won't have Dale Davis in that Indy car revving it up beforehand. No, no car revving it up beforehand no no no but you get back he didn't look he didn't look comfortable in that car i'm not gonna lie to you we all had the same reaction but we're pumped he was there we're pumped he was there uh all right last question for me and then d but got one that i think you're gonna you know maybe send some ripple effects across the entire sports media you got booze in there you said it's? That's classic what booze bags would say. It's Opus One. Okay, yeah. Yeah, you and LeBron started in high school, and you guys are on the same team. Shams Sharania just reported on FanDuel TV that Coach K has been hanging around the Los Angeles Lakers and secretly consulting with the Lakers in their coaching search. And then obviously the ties with J.J. Redick because he's co-host with LeBron. And that Mind the Game podcast is potentially just one big interview from LeBron to J.J. Redick where they can draw plays together and maybe do it. What do you know about Coach K being around? And does that directly mean that J.J. Redick with his backward-ass hat is going to be the head coach for the Lakers next year? That is the first I've heard of that, but JJ is absolutely a legitimate candidate for that job, and for a whole number of reasons, whether it's Coach K making the suggestion or not. Rob Palenka, the general manager of the Lakers, when he was an agent, he successfully recruited a number of Duke players. In addition to LeBron's relationship with Coach K, there was a lot of players that Mike Krzyzewski said, yeah, you know, I would recommend you sign with Rob Palenka. That relationship has been around for a long time. So that doesn't surprise me, even though I wasn't aware of it. But JJ is absolutely a legitimate candidate for the job. You know, he is a co-worker of mine here at ESn i have immense respect for his um for his basketball knowledge and in everything we've had lots of conversations you know behind the scenes um and if he wants to be a head coach i have no doubt that he could be a very good head coach this is a very hard job to take play an old team with high high expectations in a in the western conference where quite frankly even if you had red auerbach in his prime well you've never coached the lakers let me take that back thank you you had you know mike sheshefsky in his prime it doesn't matter what coach you had it'd be very difficult to be successful but one of the things i've learned in 20 years covering the nba is very few people can say no to the to the to the power of the lakers and so i think you know they're going to interview other candidates for sure uh james borrego who's a very experienced coach with a great background i think would be a very strong candidate but look i can understand why the lakers would have interest in jj i can understand why jj would have interest and that would not surprise me at all if that's the direction it went. Is he playing for him, too? Has LeBron not needed his... Has he not needed... And Coach is just over there. It is illegal for him to be a player coach in today's NBA. Oh, you know what, Silver? Enough! If a guy wants to coach, play, and own a team, let him jack and moon his ass off out there. Last question here from D-Butch to you, Wendy. Wendy, speaking of some of your coworkers, we had Austin Rivers on a couple weeks ago asking about the Heat potentially moving on and getting another star. And we heard another report coming from ESPN yesterday about Durant not being happy in Phoenix. Any possibility Durant heads down to South Beach and plays for the Heat next season? So to be clear, I have not heard anything like that. The other thing I'll say is... Which part? Which part did you not hear anything like? I have not heard anything about the Heat and Durant in a legitimate capacity. Certainly if you could speculate, but I just want to be clear. The other thing I would say is the big thing for the Heat, Jimmy Butler is eligible for a contract extension. He's got two years and $100 million left on his contract. He is 35 years old. He missed a whole bunch of games this year. He wants the extension. Now, if the Heat don't want to give the extension, which is what Pat Riley implied heavily in his end-of-season press conference, is Jimmy cool with that? Because the last time he wasn't happy with his contract, he was with the Minnesota Timberwolves. He asked for a trade. So that's one thing. I don't know what he's going to do, but that is a big factor that a lot of teams are watching. Secondly, the Phoenix Suns have come out and said the owner, Matt Ishbia, on the record that he doesn't intend to trade any of his big trades. First off, Bradley Beal is a no-trade closet. So the Suns are out there on the record. This isn't Torsen said or anything. They don't intend to trade those guys. So the only way you could see action there is if it was player-initiated. So we'll keep an eye on that. But as far as I'm aware, there's none of that going on. But certainly, you know, that is something to keep an eye on because obviously it was a disappointing season in Phoenix. It's the NBA, too. That seemingly is how every offseason is. All of a sudden, you see some clips from a rap concert. There's a couple NBA guys dancing in the crowd. And then two days later, holy shit, at that concert, a trade was negotiated. It's like, wait, in between songs? Yeah, right before the encore. Yeah, that's whenever it all goes. Actually, it was negotiated steak and shake after the game. Well, not in Indiana anymore. What the hell is going on? Are you coming back here for Friday's game, yeah? I'll be back here on Friday. Hey, we can't wait to see you. Come down and say hello. I think we'll be where Where do you guys, I don't know. Yeah, and trust me, in the back, were you at, were you going to come to a game and didn't come, or did you come to a game? Because I was in the back, and there was all this whispering. Pat, Pat, Pat, was right to my right. He had really cool boots on. Hair. Hair was perfect. And then he had a toothpick in his mouth. They showed him up on the jump. He had a cougar jacket on. Like a leather. Yeah, I think he did. It said cougar on the back of it. Yeah. And pink houses. Yep. Living. Were they talking about that? When you show up, they're going to clear out the path for you. Well, that's not true. Actually, there's a guy named Ron that was a photographer who's been there for 20 years. He was actually sitting in my lap the entire time. It was worth it. Guy gave me full play-by-play for everything. It was a wonderful time. You had to see instant replays on the camera. Yeah. Tyrese gave me to play on Mother's Day, to be honest with you. Sure. I had no idea what to do. You took Brenda Halliburton's seats on Mother's Day? You took Brenda's seats? Easy. No, actually, my wife, who is also a mother, was sitting next to Brenda Halliburton. Okay, cool. Brian. Oh, Wendy, aren't you a hero? Aren't you just a hero, Wendy? Listen, I love the Halliburtons. We bonded overseas in Abu Dhabi and Manila last year. I just want to make sure they're taken care of. Tanner was over there. Great conversation. I mean, it was a blast. I had an absolute, yeah. Sam just saw, oh, she spilled her drink. Yep, that's what's happening right us. Almost got on the court. It was a full scene. It was awesome. Which one's Ron? Gray here? Yeah, Ron's the one right in front of me. That was him. He had great shots the entire time. To be honest, I didn't turn around once. I didn't look anywhere. I literally was just locked in, having a good time. You were know. You don't want to give that up in the NBA playoffs, especially in Cambridge now. It's all the way back. Hey, Wendy, thank you for joining us, man. Have a safe travel back to our wonderful city. Thanks, guys. Take care. Hey, Steak and Shake might open up just for you from the traction I'm seeing on the internet. Maybe for you. Maybe for you. Not for me, but that was our go-to. I was just a little surprised when I arrived. The lights were all on, but the door was locked. I didn't even know that door had a lock on it. There was some stuff that happened a few years back that every door in the city had to get locked a lot yeah it was hey actually very pumped to see indy back there was a chance for like two years there was a thought maybe the city's dead because of everything was happening downtown and the stoppage of you know because we host events like i would assume the future farmers of america aren't happy that steak and shake definitely not the firefighters that come every single year aren't happy about during the firefighter convention. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, they take over. I've been to Indy during it. And they drink every drop of booze. In the town. So Steak and Shake might have had an overwhelming amount of mustaches come in there one night and say, I can't do this anymore. So our city's all the way back. So our city's all the way back. We're very thankful for that. I think the Pacers are leading a great party. Same with Kaitlin Clark. Can't wait for that. And if you're here for the Indy 500, we need to get you out there. You need to get on track. Pace car. You need to get in the pace car, maybe. I ain't doing that. I'll watch, but I ain't getting in that car. You must be crazy. I like Wendy Sass. He's the man. The best. He's got good pizzazz. He's great pizzazz. That's like the perfect thing for him. It is. Because that is kind of... That took over. And then he even said, we'll keep an eye on it today. I don't know for sure. Well, you just said, I have not heard. Just wants to kind of clear the palette real quick. Yep. What other people are saying I have not heard personally. He's not really an insider. No. He's not really a pundit. No. He's just like an analyst. Yeah. Analyst, journalist, covers the game. Just knows ball. Does he write too? I believe so, yeah. He started as a Cleveland plate dealer. Great writer. Wrote two books. And they're all the speaking for this guy. We need his mouth to do it. Exactly. Thank you, Wendy. Great person. Boy, Wendy. He was kind of – You remember he had a great high school run alongside LeBron. That team was just so good. What's that? Wing? Backcourt? Yeah, he's three. He's three. I mean He tells you, you know. One to five, baby. Well, every once in a while, too, when they played, they took on the Moon Township, the Moon Tigers. The Moon Moon. And it was Windy versus A.Q. Shipley. So he was playing five that day. I mean, that was a lot of sweat, a lot of meat. Still talk about the dent in the floor beneath the net after those two went to war. Yeah, A.Q Wendy went up for, you know one of those shots that just like rebound, rebound, rebound? Those two were jousting like King Kong and Godzilla. Bingo. Down, bang, down, bang, down, bang. They each recorded one and a half rebounds. Then jump ball. Yeah, and then they both jump. You know how they say backboards break? This one, the actual floor Windy and AQ are It was a good battle Now obviously the Irish won AQ was Taken out by Windy I love Windy He's become very good on our show Could we have ever guessed that? I don't think so I don't think that would have been in our Predictions for ESPN licensing Who is somebody that joins our show That we will like a lot ever guessed that i don't think so i don't think that would have been in our like predictions for espn licensing who is somebody that joins our show that we will like a lot windy i did not expect him to be the one unfortunately uh ohio people do tend to do well on the program and he is an ohio guy yeah deep time it's true austin rivers also i would not have guessed that one yeah he is awesome yeah he just yeah he don. He stirs shit. Yeah, he is the man. So what? And he doesn't care. He went to Duke, too. He's got all that Duke pride. Oh, yeah. Did I see there was a Texas guy back on the show yesterday? Kendrick Perkins. Yeah. Yeah, Perkins was back. for him. When that was agreed to, I am very thankful for it, but that felt like that was quite a big expectation. With how much he's on TV in LA and in New York and in Texas where he lives, it's like that would have been a lot. So hopefully we'll be able to make something happen in the future, but they're working his ass off. Speaking of working his ass off, maybe he's back because he's another year older. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program. Guy who played professional hockey for 13 to 14 years. Can't do the Wikipedia counting. It's a little bit difficult. Ladies and gentlemen, PK Saban. Hey, are you doing TV again or are we taking a month off because we turned another age or what's going on? Oh, no. Oh, he muted himself. Oh, no. Yeah. We can't hear you. Hold on. There you go. Can you hear me now? I know you can hear me Stop messing with me, I know you guys can hear me But we couldn't though So we could have actually did that But now we can hear you And it's too soon to the last time we did this Too soon to the last time we did this We won't do it again Pat, hold on, I got you on the TV here, so I had it muted so that when you guys called me, you couldn't hear yourself in the background. Oh, see, you're a professional. You're a professional. You work in this thing, do you? Is that happening again? Are we working again? Or what's going on? I am working again. Hey, here we go. Here we go, PK. I'm picking Here we go. Get back on the ice. Here we go. Here we go, PK. Get back on TV. Hey, Tatum. Hey, Tatum. Hey, Tatum. All right. All right. Sightseeing tour's over. We had a birthday party. Okay, now we're back on TV. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday, PK. It was great. We appreciate you. Okay, you're back on TV. Good Yep. I'm ready to go. What'd you do for your birthday? You just went and saw every game that you gave free tickets to? It was an insane week. I mean, for a week that I took off from working, I don't know if I've watched that much sports in a week. I went Knicks Monday, Rangers Tuesday, Knicks Wednesday, Celtics Thursday in Boston, Bruins Friday in Boston, Saturday watched both games on TV, Sunday drove back home, Monday went to the Rangers game. So I've been all in. That's a hell of a week. Wow. And the Boston team lost both games. Yeah, and that could be because you were there. What was your favorite? What was your favorite atmosphere? Is it going to be easy to judge or tough to judge here? You'll probably say they were all great. They were all great. But what is a... That's a hell of a week of playoff sports there in a lot of dream moments back to back to back. What a week you had, BK. Yeah, MSG is just tough to beat. This time of year, New York has been going absolutely bonkers over Rangers and Knicks. So every time I step into that building, it's literally, it feels like the Stanley Cup final in there every single time the Rangers play. And as it should be. I mean, why wouldn't you be excited about being a New York City fan right now of sports? So they're being spoiled this offseason. I think they're going to be spoiled even more because I think the Knicks are going to continue. I think the Rangers are going to last a little bit longer, but if not go all the way this year. So I'd be excited to be in New York if I was in New York. Rangers or Knicks, man, for sure. Yeah, the Knicks are dead. We know that. So we don't even have to talk about that, but we'll talk about hockey. Knicks are dead. Not yet. Huh? Not yet. They're not The hoop's this big for Tyrese Allen-Burton right now. And Miles Turner's throwing up shots from like half court in their fall. I mean, the hoop's bigger right now for the Pacers. It's coming back to New York, right? Yeah, it's back in that mecca that you talked about. We'll see how that game goes. Okay, well, Friday we're back in Gainbridge out here in Indiana. Indiana is going to be here, Ryan, Indiana. Let's talk about that Rangers team, though. Are you worried? Are you a little bit worried here now? They could have put the game away instead. They let the Hurricanes, who are a very, very good program, kind of get back in this thing. Now, all of a sudden, it's 3-2 in the series. Carolina Hurricanes got to feel like they have momentum. Is this going to be a tough one to close out, or are you very comfortable with the New Yes, but is there any worry to potentially be had here if you are in the Rangers dressing room? Well, I said earlier on your show, Pat, that if Carolina didn't win game three, that they might as well start planning some golf trips. And I still believe that. I still believe that the Rangers are going to win this series. I think that's a very, very tall mountain to climb. Can Carolina do it? You're damn right they can do it, especially if they played the way that they played last night. They dominated the last two games. But I think if you are a New York Rangers fan, you need to listen very, very carefully. I think it's a bigger issue, them going into the Eastern Conference Final, having swept the first-round team and then kind of making quick do of the second-round team. This adversity is good for the New York Rangers. They need to elevate their intensity level. They need their desperation level to get elevated because, I'm going to tell you, whether it's Carolina or it's the Florida Panthers, the hockey from here on in is desperation. Like every game, every shift matters now. There's no freebies. Washington was a quick tune-up round for them. That's not going to happen the rest of the playoffs. So Carolina right now is finding their game. They're finding goaltending. I still think Igor Shosturkin's going to steal a game and I think it's probably going to be the next one. They're going to need his help in Carolina, but I think for the Rangers, it's exactly what the doctor ordered. They needed a punch in the gut. They need a smack in the face. They need to wake up and realize they've got to play their best hockey every night, and they weren't the best team on the ice last night, but I still think it's their series to lose. Okay, calloused up a little bit for them. Now, speaking of callouses, go ahead, Conman. Yeah, PK, obviously it's been tough sledding since the last time we talked to you with the Boston Bruins. And now with Brad Marchand missing his second straight game, obviously it does not look good. You mentioned Igor stealing the game. Probably going to need Swayman to do that. What were your thoughts on the Bennett hit on Marchand after seeing the other angle here that they got two days later, allegedly the NHL, and that's why there was no suspension or anything. But what did you think about that? And then what do you think the Bruins need to do with no Marchand tonight again to get the job done and extend the series to game six? Well, fans need to stop complaining, first of all. Thank you, PK. That'll never happen. Thank you. That'll never happen. Hold on a second. Let me complain. If someone's going to complain, let me complain. Thank you, PK. Thank you, PK. You're up. Shut up, D-Buck. You're up. People need to stop. Enjoy the hockey. The hockey is fantastic. There's nothing wrong with the officials. They're not going to make every call. They're going to miss I like the no call on Bennett. I do. I like it because I didn't think Swayman could make that save. I watched it. I was sitting directly behind Jeremy Swayman. I'm going to get to the Marchand in a second. But on that goal, when Sam Bennett scored, that's a great call by the officials, great judgment call. So I like what the officials are doing. Every game there's going to be controversial calls. Fans need to stop complaining. Let me do the complaining if anybody's going to complain. Brad Marchand has gotten over on players. Since he's come in the league, there's been more moments of Brad Marchand getting over on players than guys getting over on him. This is an instant where a player gets over on him and you know what? It's a part of playoff hockey. That's the game within the game. Not everything needs to get called. Listen, whether it's on purpose or not, some days you're the hydrant, some days you're the dog, some days you're the windshield, some days you're the bum. That's just the way the game goes, and not everything needs to get called. I don't want to be ticky-tacking all the time, making sure that the rest, the refs are human. They're not going to see everything. So, they just need to stop complaining. Stop complaining and just enjoy it. I got no problem with the officiating right now. Okay, you just got to get yours more than you get got, though. I understand you're saying that. But how about this Bruins team without him? Are they in a, are they, yeah're worried. You're a bit worried for the boys up there in the beach. I am. I like the way Posta and the guys showed up last game to play, but I just think if you saw Florida, there's no panic in their game. This is a team that's poised and understands what's being asked of them to get to that next round and ultimately reach their goal of winning a Stanley Cup. There's no moment that's going to get too big for this team. I think they're prepared for it. And I know that for them, there's no option. They've got to close this thing out now. You've got to put Boston to bed. Get some extra days rest. I know Sam Bennett missed some time. You've got some other bodies, some other guys that you need to get back. Making sure that they're healthy and they're rested for that next round because going up against the Rangers, you're going to need anything. If it's them or Carolina, you're going to need all your players. You're going to need to be healthy. And that's my only question with Florida is, are they going to be healthy when they get to the next round? They got to be healthy. Florida Panthers fans are certainly confident. Now we're coming up on a hard out. So we do need to ask you about something that happened yesterday seemingly out of nowhere yeah pk what the hell's going on with nachuskin in uh in denver it seems like i mean is that something where that situation is kind of why they have just completely fallen apart against the stars or do you know more information about that he's suspended for what a long six months yeah long time and uh we no one really knows what the hell's going on a lot of people speculating though well the nhl has been diligent and pretty swift in in taking care of this situation and i mean the first and foremost it's it's sad when you see something like that you know because talented player this guy's got nine goals in the playoffs mean, he's a key cog in that wheel that turns in Colorado. For that team to be a Stanley Cup championship team, he was a big part of the reason why they won the Cup a few years ago. So it's an important piece to their team. Is this the end of the Colorado Avalanches run? Well, it looks like they're going to need every piece that they possibly have in that organization against Dallas, the way Dallas Stars are playing right now. But I'm just, it's just really sad to see that the most important time of the year, you know, as a hockey player, this is what you dream about, is playing in these moments. And, you know, to have these issues come up during the playoffs, it just sucks because this is the ultimate time to be a part of your brotherhood, right? It's the most unselfish time of the year, right? It's a selfless time. But when you have issues, you have issues. And I hope for him that he gets the help that he needs because he's too good of a hockey player, too important to Colorado, and we'll see what happens. But there's no question at this time of the year, there's guys dying to get into the lineup. There's an opportunity to play, and you've got to be responsible off the ice. So I don't have all the ins and outs of the story, but for the NHL to come down that quickly and swiftly, this is obviously something that's happened before. So I just wish Valerie Nachushkin the best. I hope he gets the help that he needs and we see him back on the ice soon. Me too. See you next hour. We are in a conference room in a hotel that is the home of the annual league meeting. It is wonderful down here in Florida. Jim Harbaugh was showcasing to me why he doesn't like the hip drop tackle. He was actually wrapping his massive arms around me and then saying, this is what we're trying to get out. Jim Harbaugh's rules. This is his business card that he gave me. Jim Harbaugh's rules to live by. You guys are drafting Caleb Williams number one overall. We'll see. Congratulations. Congratulations. You did it. When RG3 comes out, you heard him. Yeah. Okay. I think accuracy, you know, is the number one trait that NFL quarterbacks need to have. Oh, so penance. Ooh. Okay. I think accuracy is the number one trait that's insane. Oh! Easy, K. Don't give anything up. Hey, you've got a lot of leverage right now. I'm not sure if you know this or not, but you guys are taking wide receiver in the first round, is what I'm being told, and everyone. Hey, guys are taking wide receiver in the first round is what I'm being told in there and everyone congratulations just the first round oh got 11 picks I thought the most impressive thing about it was a lot of people had the sense that this is gonna happen and not one person uttered it it was a completely respect driven thing for Aaron to let him do it the way he needed to and wanted to because he deserved that obviously had nothing to do with the offense but I made sure I had a conversation with Jameis every day just for myself. It was like self-motivation. Are you a bobcat or a deer girl? Boom. Okay. That's good news. I think I'm like a deer, guys. One, two, three all locked, you think? I don't know that yet. Ooh. Yeah, I don't know that Caleb Williams I agree with it one, okay My guess would be Jaden Daniels it too and three there has been a lot of Drake make conversation Here's the thing these things Sounds like you know more than what you're leading Do I think they'll ultimately stay and make the pick at three? My guess would be yes. Fucking thank God. Jesus Christ. If it's going to cost you that much agita, I'm going to definitely see if I can find out some more stuff that will give you more heart palpitations. Oh, Chef D. You don't need to be a prick. I just want a quarterback so I can root for football again I think that's part of the kick. This con man's got a question for you. Yeah, Chef D, uh, excuse me. Oh, no. What? I am so sorry. Oh, no! I am so sorry. You know what? That's okay. I don't hold it against you. Can you kick one of those shoes up here? He has raps, you know? You gotta get your kids on there, too. That's pretty sweet. We remarkable The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Fast Talking Tuesday, May 14, 2024, our tour of the program starts now. Sports are amazing. We love them. We get to talk about them every single day. A lot of things have happened around the sports world today that we get to chat about, and it is an absolute honor to do so. It's not just me, obviously, standing here, sitting here, maybe halfway smoking some sage, having a time in my life. There's a group of men around me that are just an absolutely stellar group. Ladies and gentlemen, talk to the tables here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Ty, how does it feel sitting next to Connor? Been a little bit of tension out of this guy. Yeah bit of tension out of this guy. Yeah, a little bit of good, genuine heat, but I love it. I love it, especially as someone whose team's already been eliminated. You can kind of just sit back and watch the chaos as two guys just rip each other's throats out. It's kind of enjoyable. Yeah, the other guy you're talking about is a Florida Panther fan, nine-year NFL vet, and super hockey fanatic. Thanks to Derrish J. Bullard. Huge hockey guy. Excited to see who's going to be on the drum tonight. Yeah, you're right. Who is going to be on the drum tonight? I don't know. Jalen Ramsey was on there last time. We got a big win. We'll see who's on there. It'll be a Dolphin player, I'm sure. Tyreek Hill. It'll be Hulkster. He might break. Hulkster and Sunrise. Does he have any connection to Yeah, but if you ask the Hulkster to come bang the drum, he's going to do it. Bingo. That's one half of the hammer. God! Cowboys tone digs. We don't know if he's able to do it because we do know that Monday Night Karaoke took place yesterday. I think today is cleanup for that. So we're not 100% sure if Hulk Hogan is able to bang the drum. We will keep an eye out on the pre-puck drop festivities. Joining us in Ohio. He's a man who actually has family ties to the NHL playoffs, but he rarely talks about it. Never. His brother-in-law actually was quoted after the situation that happened in Colorado. Ladies and gentlemen, college football national champion, Super Bowl champion, Ryder Cup winner, president of Ohio, A.J. Hall. A.J., Jack Johnson was quoted. I wonder how many years he's been in the league. How many years? I mean, I honestly don't know. 20? Maybe? 41? That's one of those situations where something happens. It happened in the NFL a couple times and I literally spoke to the media zero times whenever I was a punter. Wasn't asked to. Didn't have to. Never went to the press conference. Then something would happen, you know, and they'd be like, is there any way you could potentially go up there? Smooth this over? Can you smooth this over and not say anything stupid for us, please? Yeah, if you potentially go represent here, the locker room, in this particular one, it's like, yeah, thanks. Just throw me out there on the edge of a cliff. Gotcha. Yeah, no problems at all. Well, go ahead. This is the first time you talk to these guys in two years, but, yeah, they're going to be asking about some stuff. You obviously know, right? Okay, so you will. Yeah. Yeah, you got it. No problem. Let me get up there. All right. I mean, this is a whole organization pretty much. That is a whole thing. But Jack Johnson, 20 years. Yeah, 20 years. He potentially was the one that they were like, hey, listen. Do you have anything to say about the situation that just took place? About an hour before a game starts. It's not a dude is out because of an injury. A dude is out for six months. Yeah, it's not just, and this is an off-the-ice thing, and PK just talked about it. It's incredibly sad. You know, like, that's a sad thing to think that this guy is obviously going through something he can't control himself. In the biggest moments of the year, even if this has been something that's obviously had to have happened in the program, if it's anything like the NFL program, I was in for 27 months. They drug tested me eight times a month for 27 straight months. I mean, it was a lot. It was in detail. Whenever I left to go visit anywhere, I had to give them an address I was headed to and two phone numbers they could reach me at so they could drug test me at any time, brother. And they certainly did. I went bigfoot hunting down in Georgia. They drug tested me at 4 a.m. at a hotel motel on the side of the road out in the middle of the woods of Georgia while I was Bigfoot hunting. The drug tester guy said to me, I've never been told to test somebody at 4 a.m. What's going on? I said, well, I told them I was Bigfoot hunting in Georgia. I guess they wanted to get me. I'd assume the NHL was very similar. I assume that there is a program that is happening. He probably gets random drug tests that take place. This is all me just speculating from my own experience in the NFL. And then if one of those pops, the next punishment is, boom, a six-month suspension. For us, first one, another three months added, another six months added, another this, suspension, potentially. That's how ours works. I would assume the NHL has something similar. And for this to come out hour before the game, I mean, that's how ours works i would assume the nhl is something similar and for this to come out hour before the game i mean this is that's a wild situation in colorado legitimately that is a walk for a team that doesn't have a lot of people that's a that's a small group that's a good player and that's obviously something everybody's bummed out about aj yeah do we do we have any idea the difference between like the nfl substance of abuse program or policy because they say he's stage three what does stage three mean that just means six months suspension so i was in stage one was like a three month i thought if i aced stage one okay i'm not moving stage two means that you don't you don't test positive for anything that yeah no positive tests i don't miss any meetings with anybody i check in everywhere i do this entire thing like i stage one i was like all right if i pass stage one flying colors we're all you're moving stage two good to go stage one was ending day stage one was ending i was driving back to pittsburgh to celebrate beating stage one i'm on highway in ohio i get a call from dr brown and he said congratulations you're now moving to stage two it's just like stage one but it's for 24 months. I'm like, what? Why did I even do stage one? I said, why didn't I just fail stage one when I've got the same things? Because this is just how this goes or whatever. And then he said that I should have puked at some point is what he said. He said, in all the stories you told from the evening, you didn't once say that you puk were. So you're going to need a real thing. Now, it turns out 24 months was good for me. It ended up changing my life, certainly. But I thought it was super serious. I'm like, that's pretty serious. 24 months. A long time. 27 months. I got to go. I got to do this entire thing. Yeah, you got to do that. I stage one first plan, suspension without pay during active phase of treatment, and then eligible for reinstatement. Stage three for violation of stage two treatment plan, suspension without pay for at least six months, then eligible for reinstatement. So this is two fails. Yeah. Yeah, to get to stage three. And whatever they're testing him for, you would assume, if it's anything like what the NFL is like. The NFL one, substance abuse program, is built for you not to get out of yes that is that is you are you are not supposed to get out of that guys have been in that and i learned of dudes that were in it once i got in it because obviously you're getting tested on like the same days whenever if the drug tester comes to the building or whatever and it's like i asked one of the guys we're playing i'm like how long you've been here he's like four years i'm like bro because if you time out your fails it's just like an extension but you didn't but you got put in the you got put in the program because of an alleged arrest you didn't fail a test or whatever like some guys fail a test and you instantly go in the program so you never fail a test any drug or alcohol related charge you go into the program. Same program, yeah. So I got a public intoxication, which was definite. The story in which they pieced together, alleged. Okay, so there is definitely drunk in public, certainly. Did they test you for booze, though? Are you tested for alcohol? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, buddy. How long does it take for it to get out of your system? Well, there was one time, you see, I thought I had them. So I got tested in Indianapolis on a Thursday. Okay? So I'm like, all right, sweet. Have it at least until Monday because there's no way they're going to go back-to-back on me. And normally, you know, you'd be good. So I'm like, yep, I'm going to Vegas. So I went to Vegas. I had a Friday night, Saturday morning. Boy, 6.30 a.m., guy in lobby. You have a four-hour period to test with. And I'm like, oh, no, it's like the first time I drank in like literally 10 months. I know they probably hear that all the time, but like for shoot. So I actually went to, I went to, I forget which spa. I sat in a sauna for three hours and like 37 minutes or something like that. And I was just chugging water and everything and then i took that that piss was as good as clear i don't know how they yeah i don't know how they accepted it i'm like thank you buddy and then we moved but i think as soon as i said i was going to vegas immediately after they're like well yeah yeah what's going on and i traveled to pittsburgh i got tested in pittsburgh on uh i think Tuesday. So, I mean, they thought they were going to get me. That's three, though, in a five-day period. Damn. Yeah, so then, you know. How many times could they do it in one week? Was there a... There was no... You couldn't do it back-to-back days. Okay. So back-to-back days was not allowed. But they could do Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Indy Vegas Pittsburgh. That's nuts. Yeah. I got out, though. I got out. No fails. And that's piss? Piss, yeah. No blood, thank God. Those blood ones were crazy. Yeah. Those got out of nowhere. The hair, too? Do they do those or no? I don't think so. They don't do hair. I don't think they do hair. No, that lasts. this whole body for... I like everything. Just like eyebrows, everything, you can take it all. Why did AQ do that? That wasn't AQ. AQ, yeah. I mean, he's getting there, but he's got a full... This guy, full body shave, yeah, walked in, no hair, not a hair on his body. This is how I am. We're going to need hair. This is me. Well, good luck, pal. Good luck. I think he had to come back a few days, and it turns out it's still in there. It's not just what's growing. It's not going in through the air. Really? Yeah, it turns out it's coming. Makes sense from the skin. Mishuskin, we're joking about this, but, hey, figure it out, dude. Come on. Come on, bro. Great player. Really good player, man. Last year, he missed five games in the first round. There was an incident where they found police were called to his hotel room on the game day of the first round matchup against the Kraken, and they found a woman that was too intoxicated to leave the hotel room at his hotel room. So there's been a whole history with this where that's probably where he got entered into the program, but details have kind of been hazy ever since that happened. All right. Well, we hope he finds his way out of the program. And you're a good hockey player, dude. Come on. Let's upload. Where's the shoe skin from? Do we know where he's from? Russia originally. Was a Texas hockey first-round pick a couple years ago. Played a couple games with them. Bounced around a little bit. But he's a great player. Like, unbelievable talent. All right, figure it out, dude. Come on. Figure it out. Come on. You can do this. I need you. Six months is nothing in the grand scheme of things, especially if you're able to figure it out. I needed it. It was a lot. It was a lot. But I needed it. Maybe this is something I'll hopefully, you know, figure out in the shoe skin. He's got a great mustache. Fantastic. Super tall. Yeah. Stropping. Stropping. Jocked. Stropping, man. Yeah. Massive ass. Yeah, huge lower body. Huge ass. National champion. Yep. Throws gas. They call him the gas station. Ladies and gentlemen, Pittsburgh Pirates ace, Paul Skinks. What's up, pal? What's up, pal? What's up, guys? How do you feel about the gas station? And maybe gas has two S's in it, too. You know what I mean? So it's like the gas station because you're throwing gas and you have that massive ass that the Pirates posted on social media. How do we feel about it? Are we working with it? Are we brainstorming still? Do we have any thoughts on that? Yeah, I see what you're doing there. I don't mind it. I never heard that one. Okay, the gas station. Guess what's coming. Gas. Fucking gas. Two S never runs out. Premium. Alright, let's talk about your debut with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Obviously we all watched seven strikeouts. You pitched for four innings. One run against you, left two on. That goes in. ERA is what it is, but they're talking about historic debut for you. What were your feelings? I don't know if you saw all of Pittsburgh loved what they saw from you, from what we're gathering, from our friends back there. How were you feeling when you got out there, and what was it like your first day in PNC? there and what was it like your uh first day in pnc yeah it was cool um that was my you know first time being in the in the stadium for a game in the dugout for a game um you know and walking out there and you know getting the the crowd into it and all that like it was it was just cool from uh i mean surreal just from the beginning beginning. It was an awesome day. Okay. Was there any nerves? You know, like when you're warming up there and Q Country Road is, hey, come and take me home. What a banger. I learned of that from your playoff song. He's from Morgantown, West Virginia. I went to WVU. So, like, I should have known about that song as a banger, but there's people recording your warm-up and that song's playing and I'm watching the video. I'm like, what a perfect, what a perfect warm-up song. Are you taking it all in? Are you in a different world? What is it like whenever you're doing your warm-ups there for your first major league game? Yeah, hearing the song, I thought about that for a while. Thought about, you know, the song I was going to use. you know, the song I was going to use. And, you know, that's the song I'll use going forward. And I didn't really think about what the moment would be like, but, like, warm it up and hearing that and the crowd and everything. It was really cool. I wasn't trying to take it in too, too much, just because I feel like that can get you kind of out of it a little bit. But looking back, that was a really cool moment. Hell, yeah. Go ahead, AJ. What's it like trying to get comfortable pitching to many different catchers, I guess, and just like the logistics of being called up, here you go, opening day. I assume you haven't really pitched too much to any of the catchers there on the big league roster. What's that like? Is it tough? I know some guys are very particular about what they want their catchers to do and how they want him to be yeah there are a lot of conversations that go into that um and uh grand doll is the guy who caught me um and i had a lot of conversations with him in spring training um you know when i was around him and then you know kind of silver linings a little bit he was on a rehab assignment in triple a earlier this year um which you never you never want to see but um being able to get that uh you him, I threw to him. I talked with him about what I was thinking and targets and that kind of thing. So it wasn't the first time I'd thrown to him. And we had a little bit of a rapport going into the game. Paul, I'm so happy you're in a Pittsburgh Pirates organization. I am so happy. I mean, I don't know if you know this. I was not a baseball fan. When I was born to the time I had a brain all the way through, like, having memories, the Pirates were terrible at baseball. The only thing it was was going to PNC Park, and hopefully if they win, that's a huge plus. Huge plus. And then we get Zambelli fireworks afterwards. Now, like they win that's a huge plus yep huge plus and then we get Zambelli fireworks afterwards now like people are like wait a second this could be something special especially with you in a young group sparking it go ahead Tone Pirates fan yeah Paul uh you and Jared Jones the Hondo boys um also a rookie also has been incredible and started the season up with the club are you guys leaning on each other how much uh did you talk to him before your first start since he had his first start? Also this year, what's the relationship like between you two? Yeah, I didn't know him too well before this offseason, really. It's kind of grown into a pretty good friendship pretty quickly. We were together for most of spring training while I was in big league camp. And obviously this is his first go around too, you know, with being in the big leagues and everything, but he's done it for a month and a half longer than I have. So being able to, you know, pick his brain about what the, you know, the vibes like and the expectations and everything like that for a guy who's, you know, been there, done that a little bit. It's awesome. I know it might be a little bit different right now on the screen because you're looking at a grown-ass man. But aside from, yeah, I don't know if you're a little scared right now. You know what I mean? I don't know if you're a little scared right now. I'd even flex your tricep a little bit yeah let you know let you know the horseshoe is working you know he's bought don't you even think about letting anything hang but aside from that is there anything else ties a question for you yeah Paul obviously it's only been one start but in terms of just like adjustments or you know like the differences like what did you notice the the biggest adjustment or difference was from pitching in AAA to being in the bigs? I don't know. And I think, to an extent, I don't want to call that outing a wash, but, like, it's such a different and, like, interesting outing just because there's so much other stuff going on there that it's a little bit hard to kind of drown it all out. Like, you know, a major debut is is a major league debut um and so i don't i don't know exactly what what you know in terms of like the adrenaline and everything there it's so hard to to kind of drown it out um so i don't the hitters are definitely better um you have to be finer for sure um in terms of how you attack them and that kind of thing but um i don't know you'll probably have to give me a couple more outings for me to give you a definitive answer on that i appreciate everything like the way you go about doing your business is hilarious i've told this story a couple times to people back in pittsburgh who went and watched you and were like hey this dude is as advertised that that is what they're this dude is just and i i tell them like yeah all ball too like this guy is just all baseball you only want to get better and better it feels like from when we talked to you whenever you were here we told you about the indianapolis zoo which is beautiful which is literally right next to the ballpark in which you were playing at for the indianapolis indians and you didn't even know it existed because literally you throw balls and then you were napping and then Livvy uh the video announcing your reaction is when you both wake up from a nap and realize that he's now in the majors it's like this dude literally just sleeps and does baseball is that the mindset for what the next your whole life like what why do you think you're like this and is this going to be how you are you think for the for the foreseeable future yeah i don't know um and i think that i'm i'm young and like i you know the cool thing about being here is there you know 35 year olds who have played for a while in the big leagues and they all kind of say the same thing it's like you can't just be ball and and sleep like kind of how i am right now but i think i'm young enough and like new enough to it to where i can get away with it and you know be fresh every day and show up with a fresh mind and that kind of thing i don't think that's how it's going to be forever um you know people always say you know do you golf or anything like that i'm like i don't golf i don't see myself golfing ever but i know i gotta pick something to pick something up at some point. At some point they tell me I've got to do a hobby. Do you play cards? I'm starting to. That's a good one. There's a little mental vacation, quick. A little refresher, and you're still competing. And camaraderie building. Cards is a good hobby to pick up. I assume with the amount of time you guys are going to be on the road as well. There was something that took over all conversation of all the baseball nerds. D-Bot's got a question for you. Yeah, maybe pick up some gaming. I'm a big MLB, the show guy. Something I didn't know existed, the splinker. I know not many guys throw that, and you do, definitely do. How did you get that into your arsenal yeah i mean i kind of laugh when people call this the splinter it's just it's that's a name for a pitch like um and one of our guys henry davis came up with that during during spring training or uh during the off season when he was catching me and it's like i've always called it a sinker um on the scoreboard and stat cast and that kind of thing they're calling it a splitter um and you look at like the metrics the metrics of it, it's not a true sinker. It's not a true splitter. I don't know. It is what it is. I literally just came about, you know, finding that pitch just by playing around and throwing it in catch play one day, and it kind of stuck. What does it do? So why do they say it sinks and it splits? This thing's moving. This thing's moving twice right now. Like, I'm a righty. I'm a righty right now. So what is this pitch doing? Is it coming towards me? Is it going away? Is it going down? Is it going out? Does it change every time? What does that pitch do that has everybody kind of befuddled, we'll say. Yeah, from what I've heard, because I'm a low slot, so you expect the ball to kind of go, you know, arm side with it and maybe ride a little bit too. So what I've heard from all the catchers and the hitters that have faced me that I've talked to after is that it kind of just goes straight down, which isn't, you know, sinker you expect it to go down and arm side, too. And the way they see it is it just kind of goes straight down. It's kind of what I've heard. You know, I would just bunt you the whole time. Oh. Bunt. That's what I would do the whole time. Are you, hey, I don't know. Sorry about this. I had to step in a batter's box with top pitching prospect in the history of baseball. I mean, have to abuse the situation. It's a beautiful stadium. Yeah, so I apologize for, you know, kind of taking it in the batter's box there. I did get a hit. I'm on base. So I'm batting 1,000 against Paul Skeens. It's right here. It is right here on this entire thing. We thing. We talked to Sean Casey, the mayor, who's a Pittsburgh native. He played for the Cincinnati Reds for a long time. I think he played for the Red Sox for a while. He's been around. He's a hitting coach for the Yankees. He said that he thinks, and I don't know if you heard this or not, and there's people, I guess, throwing Mason Miller in Oakland. He's throwing like 103-104, I guess. Have you ever thought about what top end potentially could be as your body continues to grow and everything like that? And what are those conversations look like? I don't know. I haven't thought about it. The one thing that I, you know, do as best as I can is not put a ceiling on it. And Velo isn't, you know, Velo is cool, but it's not everything. And I think at some point, you can chase Velo as much as you want, but it might start to take away from other things. That's kind of how I look at it, which isn't to say I don't want to throw harder, but I'm kind of happy with where I'm at. Yeah, I think it's doing just fine, pal. Cannot wait to watch it continue to evolve. Speaking of evolve, the game is doing so technologically, but not in the majors. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Paul, were there any calls while you were pitching that you went to challenge like you could with the Indianapolis team that plays baseball here? Or were there a few where – What's their name? I don't know who you're talking about. You guys know who they're talking about. They play next to the Indianapolis Indians. I'm just saying their names. Good lord, Tony. You're not going to tell me not to say their name. Jeez. You know what disrespect they're a couple of times. Guy's got a cowboy hat on. But Skeeds, were there any situations where you wanted to challenge them, or were you just kind of good with the calls? I was good with them. I don't know. I didn't pay too much attention to which ones they missed or anything like that. You can see that after the inning or after the outing in the dugout. But I like the human part of the game. There's no point. I mean, you're never in the history of baseball has a called strike or a called ball gotten overturned. So there's no, you know, it's just the game and i love that part of it yeah you gave that answer to us about how you think framing catching our pitches is a big part of the job you used to be a catcher which leads me to jeff passens 2 30 a.m list of questions potentially for paul schemes okay okay so our friend jet passen warms up the jet he covers baseball for ESPN. We talked to him yesterday, and I said, hey, if you have any questions that baseball people would ask Paul Skeens, go on and send them over. Now, sounds like you're already on a good nutritional plan. That's a super alkaline plus 7, I believe, water. High pH. That's your great pH levels there. Love what you're doing. Love what you're doing. Young age, take care of your body. He said, and on that note about being an ex-catcher, could you play catcher today if the Pirates asked, says, jet passing, let's say there's a game. We don't want it to happen. No. Ever. But you need to play catcher. You think you can still get your big ass down into that stance and And make it happen for the Pittsburgh Barts. A couple of home runs. Guys, I've been on this for a while. And I was trying to tell our manager in AAA how good I was at catching. And he doesn't believe me. And for some reason, there's no video anywhere that I can find of me catching. So I need somebody to find that. But I think I can. Nobody ever believes me when I tell them that I was a catcher, but I think I miss that just as much as I miss hitting. Okay. Damn. I think he won the, if I remember correctly, the John Olerud Two-Way Player Award or something like that, if I remember correctly, for catching and pitching, I think. In which state? I think that was. California? No, I believe that was a summer league up in the New England area. Oh, the Cape Cod League. Maybe. Is that right, Paul? No, that was the college season. Whatever. That was the Air Force. Speaking of college season, did you really turn down? I'm not asking this question. These guys are pro now. We're not talking NIO money. Jet pass. Why are we going back in time? Spaceships don't come equipped with rear view mirrors. They dip. Only one other guy in the world, Joanne Duron, throws the splinker that you throw. How did you pick up this new pitch since college? I think you might have answered that, but have you talked to Joanne Duron about the pitch? Have you talked to other pitchers about pitches that you could potentially add in to your bag paul skeens yeah uh funny thing the pitching coach we had at lsu last year who's the head coach at georgia now uh he was with the twins so he coached duran and he coached me and there's no correlation there i don't think with the with the splinkers but um kind of a kind of a funny thing there uh again the the sink i call it a sinker um splinker stat cast i think calls it a splitter like it's it's just a name to me um and he throws his like 10 miles an hour harder than mine probably like. So I don't know that it's the same pitch. I think I've got a ways to go before it's a splinker like his. Okay, I appreciate the humility. And shout out to Joe on Duran and pitching and everything like that. Do you guys pick up new pitches as you go? Or will a ball just start traveling? For instance, Matt Praterater who's a kicker uh i assume still in the nfl i think he'll probably kick forever there was his ball just started doing like uh like a little bit of a slice and i asked him i'm like uh how'd that start happening why'd you start doing it he was like i just started happening one day like it literally just started happening so now i gotta play it is there like different pitches that'll show up whenever you're practicing that's like oh I didn't know I could do that with the ball or how do you add on to your bag of pitches yeah that's literally how I found the sinker I was trying to that was one of the projects that I that I had when I got to LSU last year um and you know to start throwing a sinker because having two fastballs is always a good thing as a pitcher. So I was doing that and kind of like I was trying really hard to, you know, make that happen, I guess. And I was throwing basically the differences. I was trying to get it off my middle finger then and I'm trying to get it off my index finger now. And I literally just found the index finger cue by just playing catch and I was just wasn't fooling around but I threw one off the index finger that you know really dove and I was like all right I'll just keep doing that and I'll keep trying to do that and I think as you as you come up with pitches it's it's a lot of fooling around for me um you get good ideas from other guys and what you see um but you know you got to just kind of fool around with it a little bit. That had to be a great day when that thing just starts going. Like think about Mariano Rivera when he found that cutter. What a day. What a day. I don't know how old he was. He threw it, though, and somebody was like, yeah, nobody can hit that. All right, I'm going to do this. This is what I'm going to do. can hit that. Alright, I'm going to do this. This is what I'm going to do. Yep, rest of your life. I still think we should add the knuckleball. Something to think about, Paul. Maybe with your left hand. You don't get the glove that goes on the other side. You knuckle it with that left hand. Really throw him for a loop. Ty has a question for you, Paul. Yeah, Paul, I can't remember if you're eating you know 15 20 30 legs you know some mashed potatoes a couple ice cold pops maybe have you kind of developed something that you're eating before every start or no yeah chicken alfredo before every start i got some some crap from some of the guys before my last one because i just had this you know ginormous plate of chicken alfredo a couple hours before I was you know going to pitch and you know they're basically telling me they won't even make it out to pitch they'd just be sitting on the toilet if they ate that before before their outing but that's just that's what I do every every outing helps me you know keep my energy yeah roll the dice with a dump, too. That can get you – that can tighten it up a little bit whenever game gets a little bit longer. Go ahead, AJ. Paul, speaking of the splinker and even any other pitches that you have picked up along the way, how long from just figuring that out, playing long toss or soft toss with your buddies to, hey, I'm going to use this in a game or spring training matchup? How long does it take to where you feel comfortable and think, all right, I'm going to try this against some live batters? Depends on the pitch, I think. I started throwing my curveball during the season last year. When I went into the college season last year, I was fastball sinker, slider changeup, and we found pretty quick that it wouldn't be very smart to throw my sinker uh because that's you know usually a right on right pitch and they were cheating to to get to the fastball so it's kind of just a bad speed pitch for them um but then third or fourth week of the season last year i started fooling around with what i wanted to be a gyro slider because i was throwing the sweeper basically have something that was in the middle between my fastball and the sweeper that didn't move quite as much horizontally. So I threw a gyro slider my freshman and sophomore year of college and went back to that cue and that grip. And it ended up being a curveball and locked it in in about three days and started throwing in games. Probably three or four days after I first started throwing it. But that's not always how it goes. Yeah, well, that gyro slider, though. Once you get that thing and then a sweeper comes by, holy shit! And then once you have it, you got it. And then you have the knuckle. Oh, yeah, with the left hand. You need to start working in the left-handed knuckle. I don't even know. Are you allowed to pitch both hands and same at bat? Oh, yeah. Same at bat. Yeah, there used to be a guy who his glove was webbed on both sides, and he'd flip from, you know, one pitch he'd throw right-handed, playing in the bigs i think he played like creighton or something like that and he wasn't throwing very hard but he he did both gosh could you fat i mean paul let's take this to the next level let's start throwing with both arms you know you just started throwing a hundo with your right arm a couple years back which is why everybody in pittsburgh is so damn excited this guy's just getting started in this entire yeah just getting started and when you started you decided you wanted to do it the right way, too. We learned about you donating to the Gary Sinise Foundation. $100 per strikeout. $700 already donated after his first four innings in the majors. And we would like to let you know, before you even open up about why you chose to do this, which is an incredibly cool thing, that the current record for a nine-inning game is 20 strikeouts. If you get to 21, we'll donate a million to the same foundation for you. So if you get 21 strikeouts in a nine-inning game, because there's a 16-inninger in the history that got 21. What's that? It's a new day obviously we're just saying if we get to the situation it's a perfect game where we need one yeah absolutely 21 is right we'll donate a million bucks to follow this but why'd you choose to do this and uh thank you for doing this this is a cool thing paul skeens yeah thanks for the shout out uh with that guys um yeah it was something that we did we did i worked with uh folds of honor last year at lsu kind of doing a similar thing wasn't it was uh ten dollars for strikeout uh then but um really you know i i was at the air force academy for two years and that uh had a you know profound impact on my life that, you know, continues now. I miss those guys and, you know, the people that I was talking with some people yesterday because there was a tweet that came out about the planes that we flew to away games. And so I got asked a lot about the Air Force Academy yesterday, incidentally. But, no, it's just the people that you're going to meet there uh the people that i met and everything that that i've um you know gained from being from there is just unbelievable and so um obviously i'm not there anymore yep that's the one um and obviously i'm not there anymore but uh just trying to find ways to give back to that community that's done so much for me that's awesome uh it's incredibly cool you didn't have to do ways to give back to that community that's done so much for me. That's awesome. It's incredibly cool. You didn't have to do that. You chose to do that. There's a lot of people that say they would do that and don't actually do that. So you putting your money where your mouth is is sweet. We'll donate $100 alongside of you for every strikeout. And then if we get 21, nine innings, though. Hey. Okay? You got it. Let's not be doing the 10, 11-inning thing. No, no, no. Okay? We can't be nine. A million bucks went on top of it. Keep crushing it. We're incredibly lucky to get to watch you do your thing. Can't wait to see how great you get, and thank you for doing it in Pittsburgh, pal, even though you didn't really have an option. Yeah. yeah no it's uh wouldn't wouldn't want to do it anywhere else this place is awesome oh we love that yeah love hey if we call you big country not good because you're from california you're from the beach hey big country gas station whatever you want i'm i'm good with it i need a nickname is the gas station is already taken it has to be already taken i don't think so oh oh no you're good because it's just gas, bro. Yeah. At all times. There's some stats about how many hundos you throw, and you probably get forced to look at them and everything like that. It was... There it is. The Velo. Yeah, this one. Fastest pitches by an MLB starter this entire year. The guy whose name is up there, you know, the whole time. He's only played four innings. He's only played four innings in his entire life. That's the fucking gas station. Yeah, that's right. Only serving gas. We appreciate the hell out of you, Paul. Keep enjoying yourself, and hopefully we'll get to talk to you again soon. Yeah, will do. Appreciate you guys having me again. Ladies and gentlemen, Paul Skeens. Yay! Gas station! I like gas station. I don't mind gas station. That's good. I was thinking like if you didn't, like if you want to do like big sheets but gas station is. Yeah, gas pump. Station with two S's. Gas. Yeah. Because he's got that. Uh-huh. Yeah. Was there AI, you think? What was that? You think they AI'd his ass? He looked like that one guy who was on the internet with the fake ass. Uh-huh, I know what you're talking about. The khakis do that, the angle, but I mean. It wasn't the pleats. Is that what you were saying? It's the pleats? No, I'm just saying it was khakis tended to, because that guy on the internet Skeens has a dumper. Yes, correct. That's the bottom line here. Any of these guys in the bigs who throw gas, massive ass on all of them. All right. And they just seem to go. Yeah, they go on and on and on and on. All right. Well, thank you to Paul Skeens. Best pitching prospect they said in, I don't know, forever. Since Steven Strasburg, for real. Pitching prospect, they said, in, I don't know, forever. Since Steven Strasburg, for real. That was the last one who was kind of similar, and he got drafted, I think, 15 years ago. Where'd he go? Washington. Yeah, and went to Arizona State against the Air Force, incidentally. In his last game, he threw a no-hitter at 17 strikeouts. All right, baseball's happening. 175 more games for every team. That guy will pitch another 24 times. We will certainly be paying attention when that's taking place. Let's talk about big news in the NFL that took place overnight. The Detroit Lions continue to dig into this vault of money that they have found, investing in a team that has brought them more happiness than potentially any Detroit Lions team has in the past. Jared Goff has signed an extension with the Detroit Lions. $170 million guaranteed on a four-year deal. Now, everybody remembers that when Jared Goff was traded away from the Los Angeles Rams to the Detroit Lions due to a vacation in Mexico in which Matty Stafford and Sean McVay and Andrew Whitworth and Jay Glazer and Drew Brees were all having the time of their lives and decided that they needed to work together. Jared Goff was kicked out of town. One of the big reasons why the Detroit Lions ended up with Jared Goff is because they were willing to take on the tab in which Jared Goff was being paid, which was like $30 million a year. Everybody in the NFL, a lot of fans were like, who's going to take a $30 million cap hit for Jared Goof? Nobody wants that guy. Now, here we are a few years later. The Detroit Lions are NFC favorites, and Jared Goff just signed for another $170 million. What a glorious tale. What a Detroit glorious tale of two things coming together, being perfect for each other, Evan Fox. This was an absolute no-brainer, worth every single penny. First quarterback in my life for the Detroit Lions to win the NFC North and to win a playoff game, won multiple playoff games. And, Pat, when we were at the draft, you made a really good point. Detroit doesn't have a chant, but they do now with Jared Goff. It literally is just his name. Jared Goff. Jared Goff. And they're not just doing that at Ford Field. They were doing that at Little Caesars Arena. Four Red Wings game. They were doing it at the draft. I love this. I'm so happy for this guy. And yeah, now we're set. Four years of Jared Goff. Four years of having a Super Bowl window. It's awesome. What's wrong, Connor? Why are you shaking his head? Thumbs over. No, no, no, no. In a good way. The words that just came out of Foxy's mouth, if you were to tell me that that's how it would turn out for Jared Goff after the Rams, I would have said you are the most insane person on the face of the planet. He just said thank God for Jared Goff, and that was a dream. What did you guys go his first year, 3-14? Yes, we started out 0-10, legitimately thought we were going to go 0-17 in Jared's first year. Another reason why I love him so much because you just stuck it out, and now he's a fan favorite. Everyone loves him. Holmes, MCDC, Jared Goff, that's Detroit Lions football, AJ. And the NFC North is going to continue to have the wagon moving through the Motor City. I mean, look at the NFC North getting better and better. Okay, with Foxy and how juiced he is, I'm just wondering, if this went another way, let's say they tried to lowball him, let's say they didn't try to give him this gigantic contract, which I think he absolutely deserves, would you be up in arms going crazy if they couldn't figure this out? Yes, I would be, because this is one of my favorite part of what the brand-new Lions are doing is they're doing everything correctly. They're treating everyone right. They gave St. Brown a deal. They gave Sewell a deal. They mended fences with Calvin Johnson. They have done everything right. The draft, an absolute success, and now you've got to pay the guy that absolutely deserved it. One new playoff game, one NFC North, one of the best quarterbacks that are successful seasons for a quarterback in Lions history at this point. Well, hey, listen, we're celebrating. You don't have to do your back pedal there. Yeah, I didn't. I love Matthew Stafford, so I didn't want it to make it sound like I already jumped ship from Stafford because I love him. This doesn't happen without Matthew Stafford. He's won way more than Stafford has. Well, actually, I saw a bunch of stats with Warren Sharp put out. And it's like since trade, Stafford with L.A. and Goff with Detroit, there's a lot of statistics that you can find that are like, hey, he's the same exact guy. This is the same exact situation that's taking place. And once again, back to your point, three years ago, this was not the story being told. Three years ago, four years ago, this was not how this was being talked about. And remember, MCDC was a big dumb dipshit. Remember how stupid he was four years ago in everybody's eyes around the sports media? Obviously, now that you know our show, we were not on ESPN at the time. We were on the Internet. We obviously loved MCDC. Press conference, if you haven't seen us react to it literally day of, it is exactly how you would think it would go with us, with him speaking the way he is. But they were mocked and ridiculed and buried. And not that the Detroit Lions weren't already underground from being buried by the rest of the NFL and the media for the last 30 years, but it was like, this is the dumbest they've ever been. And now their fans, they're looking forward to Thanksgiving games. They're looking forward to, you know, primetime games every single week, seemingly. It's a brand new world up there, and that's the power of the NFL. I mean, you love to see this. And it's not like, you know, Jared golf is this this underdog story kind of seems that way but he was the number one pick went to super bowl i think on his rookie deal uh but for what he's done going to the lines everybody thought hey this is going to be a bridge guy set up for their next quarterback so for him to turn this franchise around be a big part of turning this franchise around then getting another big deal i think he's only 29 too which is kind of surprising seems like he's been in the league forever, but still, you know, young in the 30s, so you're expecting to get another deal. And then it kind of sets up for the other quarterbacks out there that's going to get paid, you know, soon that you expect to get paid. Dak, Tua, Jordan Love, you know, all these guys are definitely chomping at the bit, but love to see this for Jared Goff. Definitely deserves offense. And he's got his offense coordinator again. Ben Johnson's back for another year. They've got all the trick plays. They're not scared to use them. They've got the power running if you need it. They have all their weapons and added to it back. It's like the Detroit Lions are for real. And if you're in Green Bay, you're not worried at all. It's awesome that the Lions are for real, like it is, but again, I said it in Detroit. I'm not over here like, oh my God, the Lions are so good. They are good. That's great. And I'm happy for Foxy, because they've been sucked for a long time. A long time. You're very good. I try. I'm not worried about it. They I try. I'm not worried about it. They embarrassed the Packers at Lambeau early in the season, and then what did the Packers do? They embarrassed them on Thanksgiving Day. Beat the shit out of them. Beat the absolute shit out of them. So, again, I'm not going to be backtracking. Again, the Lions have a couple of Iowa guys who are also instrumental in them turning things around. So I appreciate that. I love that. You mentioned guys getting paid. Guess who Jordan Love's agent is? Who's that? Mr. Mulegata. Oh my god! They're going to have to give him a percentage of the talent. Jordan Love's going to be the first quarterback to be making $125 million a season. I think so. They're going to guarantee him maybe a billion dollar contract. I'll pound the pavement for it. If Mologueta's the one doing the negotiating, we just assume it's going to be the highest the position's ever seen. He got $170 million guaranteed right there. That's $60 million less than Sean Watson. That's right. And guaranteed money. Yeah. Whoa. $60 million less? That was literally my first thought as soon as I saw it. I'm an asshole for that. What a contract. Yeah, absolutely. And you think about all Jared Goff has done for Detroit. All of Jared Goff. He's changed everything. He's changed the whole world there. Everything's different now. When we were at the draft, everyone was wearing Lions gear. Everyone had jerseys, merch, you name it. It wasn't always like that. It was actually frowned upon, and you were looked at kind of like a loser if you wore Lions gear. That's what Jared Goff has done for Detroit. Thank you, Jared. Thank you, Jared. They want the Jared. Yes, they did. Yes, they did. But stick in the NFL. We have some games that have been leaked by the networks, which we'll be broadcasting them. Obviously, 114 days from now, September 5th, the Ravens will travel to Kansas City to take on the Chiefs in Banner Night. September 6th in Sao Paulo, Brazil, the Packers will have to find a runway long enough to get a plane out of town to take on the Philadelphia Eagles. Then, in Tom Brady's debut broadcasting game, we assume at the 4 o'clock slot, Cowboys will be taking on the Browns on Fox. And then Monday Night Football, week one, is the New York Jets taking on the San Francisco 49ers, who are obviously in Santa Clara. That should be a rompous atmosphere and fantastic. We're going to learn a lot about Aaron Rodgers and the Jets there in week one and also about the Niners returning. We also know in week two, actually the first Thursday night football game, Bill's Dolphins will play an AFC East rivalry. We'll kick off Kirk Herbstreet, Al Michaels, Kaylee Hartung, Andrew Whitworth, Richard Sherman, Al Michaels, Kaylee Hartung, Andrew Whitworth, Richard Sherman, Tony Gonzalez, Carissa Thompson, Marshawn Lynch, Ryan Fitzmagic, Michael Smith, Taylor Ruffs. We'll have an incredible year to start with the Bills and the Chiefs. And then also, week two, the Bengals will take on the Kansas City Chiefs. So Joe Burrow and Patrick Mahomes will battle in week two. And all those other games will be week one. Tomorrow night, the schedule will be fully released on ESPN and ESPN+. We did reach out to our source, at the league office, and said, can you just give me a low-profile one? Just one we can make a big mockery out of. Like a week seven. Because everybody else is seemingly leaking this shit. And then I got the quick mention. These are from the networks that paid billions of dollars. They're the ones that are getting the first game. Oh, okay. We didn't know if we were just potentially. We don't know if you can send one this way. How do they choose what to leak? How do they choose or how do they get to choose which games they leak? It's the network doing the... So it doesn't matter. Do you think the league frowns upon it? The league knows what's going on. No, I think that's part of the song and dance. The build-up. Yeah, here we go. Let's just keep dropping little ones, then boom, we'll drop it all tomorrow. Yeah, like Ravens-Chiefs we're in schedule release time and oh shit that's a great game you know like that is it's a brilliant idea that's why we called our source says at the league office and we're like hey can you just give us some game just give us some game that we can just act like is a big deal and then say hey schedule release is coming they're like absolutely not we signed ndas we're not allowed to do it i mean we're on it we couldn't get like a cardinals commanders money Football announcement? That's what I'm saying. Just give us some game. Like something. Absolutely not. It was like one of the fastest. No, yeah, okay, yeah. The people that are getting this information have paid billions of dollars to the league. Whatever. We just wanted to talk about Week 9. Yeah, Colts-Patriots. Yeah, something going on over there in Germany, maybe. Yeah, boom. That'd be kind of cool. Maybe run it back, same game. Why not? It was a great atmosphere. Everyone loved it. It could become a tradition. I love tradition. I do too. I do too. Like every time I go to Greenville, South Carolina, I get to watch an incredible Monday Night Raw. Yeah. Every time I go to Greenville, that gets me. Where is that game at? Tom's first game? Is that in Cleveland? Cleveland, yeah. That sucks for your first game. What? Better that than... Go to Cleveland for his first game? That's memorable. It is. It's right there. Look at his view. The lake is right there from where he's looking at. He probably never lost that, so I guess it's good memories. Speaking of Jimmy Graham, I tweeted him mid-show. I tweeted him mid-show, mid-conversation because something got sent in. These killer whales flipped the sailboat. They flipped the sailboat. Killed them. A yacht, I believe it was. It killed the people? I didn't know it killed them. Yeah, what do you think they're doing? It's just like the seals on the ice. They're getting you out up there so you become the chum. We're killer whales. They're not living whales. They're killer whales, okay? They didn't give them CPR on the ice. Yeah, so as soon as I saw CBS Sports, or CBS, not CBS Sports, CBS News report this about these killer whales getting smarter and getting smarter, I go, hey, Jimmy Graham, how are we handling this type of shit in the Arctic, pal? you know, because they're up there. He goes, yes, that's a bit of a concern. We'll have a game plan for sure. Even if I got to jump on it and ride it like Avatar to sacrifice for my team. Whatever it takes. See, that's what I'm saying. I understand he's the eternal optimist. I respect and appreciate that. Somebody needs to keep it real with this guy. Somebody needs to tell him there are killer whales in the Arctic Ocean ready to kill your big ass. And look how big he is on that boat. They're eating him first. No doubt about it. No question. I'm pretty sure killer whales do not like it when people jump on their backs. So if that's Jimmy's plan, I would get a new one because that's going to piss him off. I hope he can hold his breath because that thing's going deep down in there. SeaWorld. I don't know what kind of weight they can carry on this thing. They weight they can carry on this thing. They need a couple rocket launchers and a couple rockets. You see a killer whale? Dynamite. Blow that thing to smithereens. Or sonar guns. RPGs. I don't think you guys are allowed to kill killer whales. I don't think they're allowed. If they're trying to kill you, they're trying to kill you. You're in their house and you signed up to go on a canoe in the middle of the Arctic. If it's self-defense, there is no maritime law that says you can't do that. True. Yeah, I thought. They can gamble out there, too. They should get a casino in there. Whoa, whoa, whoa. The crew members of the attack survived. Okay, good. That's a whole different story. Okay. The whales, they only killed the boat. Well, it's getting solved. These whales are dumb. They eat wood. Like, everybody think Everybody thinks these AIs are going to take over. Their Photoshop's are shit. Their video editing is crap. Complete crap. They don't know what's good and what's bad. They have no sense of taste and they never will. These killer whales eat wood. We have to consider the fact that the brand new Pizza Hut cheeseburger was on the boat. Maybe they smelled that and just went straight for the hubby. I did not do enough research. I was in the middle of something. I did not do enough research. I was in the middle of something. I did see that Pizza Hut is debuting a burger. Hello, heaven. Yeah, Pizza Hut's done it again, you know, and water is wet. So I cannot wait getting it tonight. I hope it's all locations and not just a couple select few. You should not eat that. You better have your dew wipes handy. Always do. You should do it right before show tomorrow. I will. You should not do that. And you know what? I'll bring in a nighttime diaper that my daughter wears, you know, so that you can. With dude wipes in there, obviously. Exactly. Exactly. I'll use that to clean up. But yeah, I mean. It's a bath for your ass. It's dude wipes. Just Pizza Hut. Just doing Change the game. They're Paul Skeens. They are. That's all they do. They're painting it. The gas station is a good nickname. Great. Oh, yeah. I think we figured. Geez. Want a better burger? Is that just a calzone? That's a burger? That's just a calzone. No, no, it's a burger. It looks like a folded piece of pizza, which would be a calzone. It Whoa. Excuse me. AJ, AJ, AJ. We got to hold up. D-Bot, stop. I love Pizza Hut. That doesn't look great. Shut up. This is not how we're, I can't believe this is how we're ending Fast Talkin' Tuesday. You're up against it. Yep. Fast Talkin' Tuesday ends with a bunch of bullshit. You're a piece of shit, AJ. All right, we'll be back tomorrow. You're a piece of shit, AJ. All right, we'll be back tomorrow. Hope you choose to watch. See you then. Goodbye. All right, hope you're happy, AJ. Hey, do you want me to lie? Should I lie about it? I think D-Butt might have a little bit of trepidation, as they say. One more. For AJ being a piece of shit. Hole's getting smaller. I think the hole's getting smaller man it looks like what was that all about what you guys chose to do we gotta be honest come on now be honest exactly that's not exactly that's not hamburger do you see the logo that's on there pizza hut yeah you see it you know what that means it's good it's fire they're not just fucking rolling out some shitty tasting something never i had questions when they said a cheeseburger but that's just a calzone and that looks delicious yeah bingo you said. You said nobody's a hot. Nobody. Nobody bats a thousand. You don't get a pizza up a face. Literally everything out there. Yeah, delicious. Thousand. Little slices. Pizza wings. That burger looks like shit. Dude. It's not a burger. You sack of bones. I actually don't love that they're calling it a burger. Because that's going to turn people away. It turned me away immediately because when they called it a burger, they would have just said, hey, we got a delicious calzone. I would have been all in. We got a burger calzone. Yeah, I want a better calzone is what should be on the car. That could be beef sausage, though, not Italian sausage. Still. You know, I learned about some bison sausage you could potentially get. Yeah, that's right. We shouldn't talk about that. Talked to a guy from Nebraska earlier today. He had a cowboy hat. He's fast talking. Auctioneer from Maycomb. 24 years. Hey, whatever. Hey, whatever. Hey, whatever. I'm three. I'm two. So good. We're going to go spend, you know, because we're off Thursday, Friday, because the PGA Championship is on everything. And it sounds like the PGA Championship is about to be the real deal. We don't like to do spoilers too much because who would we be to spoil the ending of things? History tells us that Rory McIlroy is winning this weekend. This close to a major championship, fresh off a win somehow, now that we're learning everything. He's doing a divorce right the fuck now. Filed Monday of the major. Yeah, like that. Wins a tournament. Divorce. Major. Rory McIlroy golf happening right now. If you were to take a trip back in time, and we have the stats now. Rory McIlroy had a massive breakup. Very public. Tennis player. Yes. Nailed it. That was 2014. PGA Championship was where? Valhalla. Where's the championship at this week? Valhalla. Oh, boy. Yeah, massive breakup then. Wins PGA Championship in Valhalla. Goes on to have the best year as the number one golfer in the world. Divorce happening Monday, right? W divorce happening Monday, right? Wins tournament weekend before. Yep. Going into Valhalla again. Rory McIlroy doesn't have his mind on anything else right now but golf. This is flu game situation. This is where you don't let anything outside of anything other than golf affect your mood. You're in a new era. You're a new you. You get to pick whatever the fuck you want to focus on and do for your entire day. Rory has proven to us in the past what he's going to do in this situation is go right to the range, right to the green, right to the sand. He's going to be golfing phenomenal. He drove on 358 this past weekend. A little anger coming out with the big stick. We assume it was his fault as well. We're not saying there's any blame here. Who knows how that goes. I assume it's not easy being married to a golfer who travels six days a week for 48 weeks like we saw on I'm a Swing. I Golf. I Golf on Netflix. We're not saying anything about that, but what we are saying is history has showed us that Rory's about to lock the fuck in. Yeah. And maybe this weekend's the time for him to get back on a major stage. Think about it. That's like his, that's the only place he can go where it's kind of calm. And that's where he can go get away from everything happening around you. And that's where some of these guys seem to play their best golf, don't they? They get dialed in. They kind of get in the zone. Yeah, they're not the only ones. There's other sports where this has happened. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, not just sports. It happens in life, too. You know, revenge bodies they talk about. You know what revenge bodies are? That's like somebody yeah, I get a chance to like kind of restart my entire story here. Everything can kind of new beginning. So you see people normally it's like a new year. It's like you got new rules, you know, resolutions as well. I'm going to start eating healthier. I'm going to go to Islam and take care of myself. I'm going to love me. I'm going to do this whole thing. I'm going to focus in i'm gonna get more work on it's like that is really what happens uh for some people not everybody yeah some people go the complete opposite direction but i'm just saying those who have proven to be able to do in the past i think we should think about potentially that's always interesting revenge body shit and why i do that while you're in the relationship yeah how do you do that yeah how do i get that motivation but not have to go all my life yeah well and also true yeah comfort but then uh yeah also I think like things just start happening. Like, for instance, if the Green Bay Packers would have drafted a wide receiver in the first round and Aaron went to those OTAs at the Jets, the conversation was about to brew. Like, why didn't we – hey. When you had. Why didn't we do that? And that's just one instance of many that is taking place. Other than just, no, I'm just talking about like some people just get in their ways. And then it does take like a perspective to be like, all right, we got to do something different. But Rory, I think, is about to fucking be. Yeah. Scotty just had a baby. It's breakup game versus new dad game. Wow. That's difficult. Rudy Yeah, it's a breakup game versus a new dad game. Wow. Very interesting. That's difficult. Rudy Gobert, most recent new dad game. He hasn't played very well. Brandon Carlo as well. He has scored two goals since having his baby. Oh, yeah. Yeah, he had the bar down. Yes, he did. The night after. Just had his first win since being a dad. Scheffler has his beard still. He has never time to shave now. Bearing a baby, wow. Dangerous. Is he going to be too tired? Because he is a newborn father. Yeah, and with Scotty Scheffler, we assume he's very, that's going to be. Hands on. Hands on guy. Good dad. Those first few weeks. You think his new baby is coming to the course, though? You think they're coming? Well, you can't fly that young. No chance. Get to the course. Get some sleep when he gets to the course. Bingo. That's what I was about to say. Think about Scotty. Not happy that he's missing valuable time, obviously. Stenis can. Mana. We're building. But also, I get to sleep. Whoa. In a hotel or a house by myself. And just playing golf? Get some good sleep. Wait a minute. Just playing golf? What if he's He's going to get much better now. Holy smokes. Is anybody yelling in my ear? Just, rah! No words. Just, rah! Is that happening? Am I wiping poop? Is there poop? No, no poop. No. You're going to have to fill a divot maybe or something. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I fucking can't wait to come play. This is going to be great. You year it starts with the Masters, and I feel like we relearn, like, oh, yeah, this is what we want in every single golf weekend, but now we only get it four times a year, so we've got to cherish them even more. Dude. One a month. So we'll be watching that golf on Thursday and Friday while we're at Mecham trying not to buy every car. Yep. AJ. How many are you going to get? For real, how many are you going to? Over or under five? No, no, no, no. Come on, come on, come on. Okay, I'll take the over. I'll take two and a half. No, you've got to remember, I'm not a big fan of dealing with shit. You know, like if there's any shit gonna do it like you will normally see me doing stuff where there isn't a bunch of shit paperwork that has to be signed insurance it has to be got you know registrate like all the shit that comes if it was just look by walk out see you later this is now your car you gotta write a letter for the time like that whole thing cool there's a full on you know when you buy a car there's a lot of shit that has to happen you know so I thought you got like I think of those things you kind of go in with your little paddle you get pre-approved like Boom, I'm driving home with that thing right now. Yeah, you do but afterwards you gotta go now you gotta sign You're gonna fill a bunch of shit out I got it. I'm with you. I understand that I'm buying a car, you know, like when you buy a car the worst part of buying a fucking car is that yeah Everything Yeah, everything else. The whole, you know this, we told you this. You should talk to them. Can you tell them, hey, I'll pay five grand extra if you guys handle all that garbage. Well, I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that, but it's like, also, I think that's just like a part of it. Like, I have to fucking. You acknowledge that you just spent $100,000 on a Jeep that you won't be able to drive yeah that was me let me sign this one alright now you're going to tell your bank that you're buying it took like an hour after buying that was one car I thought maybe you'd get Sam the sweet truck with the flames on it and then you were going to get something else for yourself, possibly? Last night, we did have discussions about that. Ooh. How sweet. When you looked right in that, Sam, you could drive that. I told her, I almost got it for you. You saw the picture. No, if you didn't want it, I would have, I guess. I would have taken it if I had to. I guess I would have taken That thing's still, the bid's still going on. Yeah. That bid's still going on. Until Gump goes back. That's what I'm saying. Gumpy, Thursday, Friday, I think we're going to be in the state fairground. They just texted me and said, yeah, we got a table or a hole. Come on. Whatever we is. So much fun. It is a blast. I can't emphasize enough how just entertaining it is. If really like cars that much. Really? Just as a show. There's so much going on. It's a competition, too. You're not just sitting up there. There are people bidding against each other. It is so much fun. And the aspect of, yeah, I'm sitting next to you and you could buy every single car definitely helps. Because I can just be like, hey, you should get this one, get this one, get this one. There's a lot of that. I don't know how you're sitting here right now. Look at that thing, dude. And then they would rev the engine. Oh, bye. Got it, got it, got it. I feel like I can't go because I can't buy a car right now. And if I go, I'm going to want to buy a car. Well, yeah, that's part of it. That's like you're going to a casino. You're going to Vegas. You're just writing off like, all right I'm going to buy I'm going to buy a fire flame truck I'm going to do that There's a chance You can spend $600,000 on a car Or at one point I think there was like a $2,000 something That they were just trying to give away Basically They made an announcement If you want to If you want to fucking just come get this You can take it off No reserve Should we just rent a truck To haul all of our cars after Thursday? Oh, the car towing and transfer, that's a whole other business. Oh, yeah. That's a whole... We looked into it in Florida. Yeah, that's a whole other business. Well, the truck will be coming through next Wednesday. You're going to have to have it ready at like 4 a.m. We have no guarantees that that fucker's not going to slide off and hit another one. That's great business. Hey, Greg. Joining us now is a man who could do any business I think that he wanted to. Because we watched him on a roast on a stage with some of the most talented brains and talkers on earth. He's one of the stars of the show. That's right. Ladies and gentlemen, the host of games with names. Multiple time Super Bowl champion. Future Hall of Famer. From Kent State. Julian Adama. What's up, dude? What's up, man? AJ, every time I see your chin, I just think of Chindiana Jones, man. Because every time at the Derby I would see you over there, bro, you just are cool. Look at you, bro. Look at you lounging. Your audio sounds unbelievable, by the way. I know it obviously is your show, but yeah, the podcast. You're doing great, man. Keep killing it. Just trying to be like you guys, man. Your camera looks really good, too. This is a good setup. Look at the lounge. Unbelievable. Very comfortable there. Happily miserable. There's no way you're miserable right now. Look at how fucking comfortable you got to be right now. I mean, there's no way you're miserable at all right now. Get out of here. DB, what's good? Jules, what's good, baby? Good to see you, man. Keep killing it, brother. Hey, we used to play these charity games, and DB could jump through the roof. We get paid $500. They'd scam the hell out of us. We'd sign 5,000 signatures. But we'd go make $20,000 offseason. Oh, yeah. And DB would be out there doing 360 windmills, bro. All right, how old were you guys whenever you were doing that, Jules? Rookie. 22, 23. Does that change with the New England Patriots as you grow older? Honestly. The Pittsburgh Steelers had one of those teams where the players would go play charity games against high school teachers, I think, in some places. And then they'd go play. Indianapolis Colts don't have that. I'm not sure a lot of places do. I don't think a lot of people would expect the Patriots to have that. Was that like a much different time in the Patriot way? Or is that kind of a thing that maybe gets overblown a bit too much? I think it was a thing that gets overblown it was just a way for guys that were younger football players to make some money some some dude out in boston would wrangle wrangle up all the guys that were kind of new to the team and you'd travel to like western massachusetts new hampshire and you'd play against the Firemen or you'd play against the high school state champion. They'd sell these things out. They were fun. It was just a way to get a run for us and get $500. Yeah, but Bill Belichick didn't say no to that. That sounds like something Bill Belichick did. That was in the offseason, man. We were in spring ball and stuff. I mean, he didn't go that hard. He didn't care about that. See, that's the thing. Do you remember that? Oh, hell yeah. I remember all those quick five grand here and there. I mean, it was easy being up in Boston. You know, you play for the Patriots. You go anywhere, show up, sign some autographs, do anything. Quick five, six grand, depending on who you were. It's awesome. Yeah, Vinatieri used to tell these stories about this pizza company he would do commercials with. And then. Papa Geno's? Maybe. Papa Geno's. Is that who it was? Yeah. Probably. He was talking about that because the Colts would bring over a sponsorship opportunity in Indianapolis. And Vinny would be like, I'm not going to do that for $750. You know, I'm a Hall of Famer. And he wouldn't say that, but he would just always be busy. And I'm like, yeah, I'm not doing anything for 750 either. And he goes, you should have seen what it was like up in Boston. He absolutely loved it. Does it feel like home still for you up there every time you go up? Obviously, you're the only one out of the group, right, that didn't go on to play somewhere else. So I feel like that love is going to be forever for you up there in boston yeah you know i i live in la now because my daughter's out here she started kindergarten so i i'm back and forth to boston i still have my spot there and it's true man like it's crazy when i leave la now that this is my home i don't feel like when i come back here it's home home. Anytime I go back to Boston, I was there for 13 years. It feels like home. Being part of that culture and that whole beast that it is, being part of a Boston sports team, it's awesome. It's a cool thing to be a part of. Right now, you've got the Sox going. You've got the Celtics. The Bruins are hanging on by thread. By thread. By thread. Unfortunately. Florida Panthers. That's how Florida hockey is. Fake hockey. They've got to figure it out. They look out, too. On that point, even as a rookie second year, we get courtside seats to playoff games. I remember courtside seats to like playoff games like i remember courtside like lakers celtics finals yeah on the house kobe's yeah exactly kobe kg got rest of soul like paul pierce we sitting there watching legends courtside just because we you know on the path i thought boston was a terrible city no absolutely not just that's what everyone says because we you know we won too much that's just kind of how it goes when you're the city of champions well jules you're obviously a part of that and let's go and talk about everything that you've you know i guess i don't want to say go through because that would be a negative connotation but because you guys won so much there's so much shit now you know about everything there's so much shit obviously the apple docuseries and this roast is like maybe the greatest thing that has happened in 20 i don't know i don't know how long but fucking phenomenal you're one of the stars of that jules let's go you fucking murdered up there dude you murdered you knew you were gonna crush though right you knew that i didn't i was nervous boys uh that was that that was very nerve-wracking anytime you jump into uh an environment with other professionals that do that for a living and have to do what they do and execute in front of 15000 people at the forum on live Netflix, whatever it was on. I worked with our team, their team. I put together like 12, 13 minutes, a bunch of jokes. And I went to the comedy store and I performed. Jeff Ross was a huge like help with me. He's like, hey, I know you're feeling a little nervous. Why don't you come hit the back set of my set at the comedy store? So I went up there and that was like 10 times more nerve wracking because it's super intimate. And I had a lot more jokes and I didn't have like prompters or anything. So I was just reading off cards. So I was like terrified. Thank God I had like a group of, there was like 15 frat kids there that were like full like NFL fans that laughed at anything I said. So I felt cool after the first joke. Boys, you really helped. That was a big assist, boys. That was a big assist, boys. That was a big assist. They did. They did. It was awesome. But, you know, going into that, the night of the show, it was funny because you'd be in the green room. And in our green room, it was me, Randy, Bill, Gronk, and Bledsoe. And you could tell guys were a little nervous. You know what I mean? You could tell. But everyone was trying to play it cool because we're all professionals. But it was 100% like a locker room before a game. Guys are sitting there, kiki-ing, a little joke here or there. But then you'd see a guy run off to the corner to go look at his jokes and practice his jokes. Bronk went to the bathroom like four times, I think, to run his jokes. It was pregame nerves through the roofs, but ultimately it was a great experience, a fun experience, and it was kind of like a therapy session. You know what I mean? Aired out a lot of grievances probably through the art of joke out there. Through the art of joke. Yeah. Through the art of joke. Yeah. The art of joke. But it was awesome, man. It was great to see Bill there. Boy, were there some tension. Yeah, well, you're talking about Mr. Craft, yeah, I think. You know, there's just tension everywhere. Yeah, no, no, you were talking about that one, though. It's everywhere. I watch you and Drew Bledsoe on Games with Names podcast, which is phenomenal. Talk about you trying to give the hooty-hoo to Bill whenever Robert Kraft walked into the room or whatever. 5-0. Yep, yep. Just kind of walking away and then letting it kind of all figure. Everybody knows, right? I mean, that's the elephant in the room, especially fresh out of the Apple document. That has to be the reason. Is that what we're thinking? In any kind of separation, you never want to see the parents in the same room at the open house the next night. So, you know, it's a little weird. But yeah, the whole doc, the whole letting go, I mean, it was an eventful last three, four months this year. So thankfully with Games and Names, we gave a perspective and had Matthew Slater, Matt Lights coming on, Drew Bledsoe, guys at Ty Law, guys that were part of the dynasty. We gave our own little thing, the inside jokes, the players' perspective, the fun that we had. Because let me tell you, you know, it was miserable. Yeah. Who doesn't like – if you're 35 or if you're 31, 32 and older, what football player ever liked their fucking coach? And excuse my language. Are we past 3 o'clock? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you're in L.A. You're lounging. What is time? Yeah, I, yeah. I know you're in L.A. You're lounging. What is time? Yeah, I get it. Who liked their football? No one liked their football. Who likes a guy that makes you run a hill week 17, you know, after you just blew someone out of 30? No one likes that. But you need it, and you love it. So that's what it is. Well, we love to hear that because I think there's a chance that a lot of coaches nowadays, and this is a much bigger conversation, and we're not going to dive fully into it, but a lot of guys I think are scared to not be friends with the people that they're coaching. And I don't know if that's ever going to work. Legitimately, I don't know if that's ever going to work at the highest level whenever people win. Accountability has to be a real thing. And the person that has to hold people accountable, not necessarily always the most liked person. You know what I mean? That guy kind of sucks in every conversation. So to your point, I'd like to echo that sentiment. Yeah, I mean, I hated my mom and dad when I had to get cough syrup. But I had a cough. I hated them. But when that cough went away, I was like, damn, maybe my parents were pretty damn good. Good play there. Solid play there. Fair play. Go ahead, AJ. Jules, getting back to the roast, I guess what was your expectations going into it, and who do you think could be the next roast? I'm sure Netflix is thinking off the success of this. Who do we go after next? Who can we get to commit to this? And also, lastly, with Tom, do you know, is Tom happy with the whole situation? Does he like how it all went down? I mean, I talked to Tom briefly. He didn't even go to the after party. Jesus Christ, Tom. We had all our guys there. I think he went off to Italy or something. But I think he was happy. And I do believe they'll probably start doing more of these. I mean, it felt like comedy was kind of like coming back with what you could say here and there, and I tell you who the greatest teammate of the night was, was Kevin Hart opening the thing up, bringing out his jokes, because a lot of guys were sweating on like the barometer of where we could hit like what subject we could go after and you know kevin being the guy that he is he jumped right in hit the the jujitsu instructor right away so i felt like all right we're good we're good um and i think it'd be great to have like a patrick mahomes or something you know like you got to get the biggest stars of the stars or a LeBron or something. I mean, it's gotta be the biggest of the sport. You know, if you're going to start doing this for athletes. I don't know if anybody else has signed up for that. You know, one of the biggest like things talked about Tom is Tom Brady was allowed to be coached like everybody else. So if you see Tom Brady getting yelled at on a monday after a game you can definitely get yelled at on a monday every game so tom is like one of his actual traits that puts him above a lot of people is that he has like a thick skin or can take it or whatever even though some of the shit i assume definitely hit home i don't know any other motherfuckers that are considered goats are going to be doing like i after especially after. It's like, am I signing up for Nicky Glazer? Are you going to do it? Exactly. Like, you think Tiger's going to do it? I don't think so. I don't, you know? I mean, yeah, I guess. But Patrick Mahomes, I think he could do it. Yeah, especially because of how beloved he is. Yeah, for sure. He's beloved. And He's beloved and then there's also a lot of material That you could hit with Patrick Mahomes There's a lot of material that you could hit Oh yeah May not be Patrick It could be the things around Patrick But there's a lot of hittable things It would be fun I think he would take it right When you're the guy in the situation I think Tom comes out looking like flowers In this whole thing you know what I mean How he took it you know And allowed The things that to be said about him in front of everyone and i think the check was pretty good too i don't know well that's i guess that would be the only great equalizer and the entire thing you know because a couple tom you know we're just talking about patrick mahomes you know the targets around exactly from what we read on the internet, there were some targets around. A few of them. Tom, they were, yeah, okay, yeah. So Tom didn't go to the after party. The whole Robert Kraft happy ending thing with Jeff Ross, I know it's kind of split. I assume you've already had to give your, was he actually, I don't think he was actually pissed about that. Do you think he was? Do Do you think whenever you interrupt that situation? I was right there, and I was like, is this part of it? I don't even know. Yeah. I really don't, but it was kind of like... I think it was played off. I don't know. I don't know for a fact. I think it was a play. Hey, we're a few days removed from this. You still don't have a fucking answer. I still don't have a clue. You still don't have a clue. You still don't know? I still don't have a clue. Like I said, Tom's in a different time zone right now. I think he's doing like a boat race in Italy or one of his teams. He's got something going. Yeah, pickleball game. I don't know where to be found. Seven rings. Yeah, that's what I get when he sends me the voicemail. You did great for him on Sunday, though. Ty has a question for you. Jules, when it comes to the whole Brady-Bill situation, does it get exhausting how media or whoever's talking about it, they only think that guys that were there can be in one camp? You can't be a Brady and a Belichick guy. You just said, yeah, obviously a lot of guys, they fucking hate their coach, but you respect the shit out of Bill, clearly. But does that ever get exhausting or piss you off how it's like hey you can either only be in brady's camp or you can only be in belichick's camp and i don't think we've heard anyone who has been like hey i was i was a belichick guy i wasn't necessarily a brady guy yeah it is very exhausting uh you know and if you if you talk to a lot of the older generation guys, they were around Tom Brady before he was Tom Brady. And they understand it too. And then it got to a point. And it's hard to even explain this because you don't want to go on a tangent where one of, I don't know. Yeah, it's very exhausting, dude. Like, seriously. All right, so whose side were you on? Just say you're Tom. Yeah, forever. Yeah, fuck Bill Belichick. I mean, I live in Brentwood because Tom fed me the rock. But I was the football player I was because Bill Belichick coached me the way he coached me. So, I mean, it was both. I mean, who Bill drafted me. He took an opportunity to take a quarterback out of Kent State who could barely throw the fucking ball and turn me into... Not only throw, a guy can fuck and punt return too. What? Play DB sometimes, too. Oh, yeah. Play DB. Play safety. You know what I mean? I love them both. I really do. And I really do feel like the kid that, you know, has to talk about mom and dad after the divorce. Well, you're doing a great job. You're doing a great job. And I think you're allowed to respect and appreciate both sides of it. I think that is completely okay. But society, normally, we've got to go one way or the other. Maybe the roast, though, will kind of be the end of that. It won't necessarily be like, hey, it has to be one or the other. No, now it's craft or bill. True. What if this happens? What if, and this is a conspiracy, or this is just a theory. We love these. What if, like, Raiders go down a shithole this year, which they're on par to do, and all of a sudden Tom gets his 10% and hires Bill to go be the head coach of the Raiders. They bring some, like, that's some shit that could happen, I bet. Tom's Bill's boss? Wow, AP out after one year? Like, that's some shit that could happen, I bet. Tom's Bill's boss. Wow. AP out after one year. Jeez, that would be wild for AP. Yeah. That'd be wild, but could that not happen maybe? Well, I mean, Tom Telesco, imagine GM just getting one year. See you later, PT. Because of the roast? Because of... Brought them together? Because Julian Edelman delivered a Foxborough High School joke that nobody else on earth could do. That sounds like something he said to fucking everybody. That's what I heard. When I heard every player go up there and most of them were like, Foxborough High, it's like, oh, that was every fucking day. That sounds like that was every day of practice is what I heard from those jokes. Oh, if there was any kind of fundamentally dog shit play, like just an easy play, like a wide route or a drop ball, it would be the kid down at Foxborough High or it would be like, fucking me and Ernie could make that fucking throw. And Ernie, you know, you guys know of Ernie. I mean, I know DB's heard that a few times. Jesus fucking Christ, just play his goddamn hands, DB. You don't got to get nervous. Just play his hands. I bet it sounds so simple. What's that? So everything is just... The crazy thing is, though, we would be... Bill would say some shit on like a Friday, like the keys of the games, and DB can second this. And he'd say, all right, this is going to happen. This is going to happen. If we do these two things, this will happen, and then this will happen. And we'd come in on Monday, and it would go just as he said. And we'd all sit there and look at each other like this motherfucker how did he know that insane like we would have sunday meetings like you know coming in we didn't do any of the team i was on but sunday we'll come in and have a quick meeting before the game and he will just come in hey you know expect uh expect some hurry up at some point early in this game from the offense blah blah just like jewel said and you'll'll go out there and it just happened every every time like 99 of the time like how the fuck this dude do this shit think about this jules and i know you made joke out of it and uh we don't love it either i can't wait to hear you and bill talk and that should be a whole documentary in of itself he's joining us every single monday it's like i've heard about these tales that people have said. Like Lombo's come on and been like, you should see the notes that we have for the game which you guys ran that fake punt. You should see what he said was going to happen in that game whenever it took place. And I'm like, does he say that we're going to run potentially the worst play in the history? He goes, in different words. He certainly says something like that. And it's like, I feel like he's still going to want to do that, though. You know, like the amount of preparation that he has given to football over the last, what, 40, 50 years? I'm just like, I don't know how he ever shuts that off. You know, you know him a lot better than I do. That's never going to happen, right? He's never going to be able to shut this off. No this year as an opportunity to a self-scout himself like he's gonna sit that back and look at his probably 20 years and he's gonna see what he did right what he did wrong what he could work on and then he's gonna stay super involved with the game because i think he still wants to coach so he's gonna stay very involved and probably break for whatever segment you guys are going to do. He's going to break down the game as if he was preparing. And you saw that when he went on to your guys' pre-draft special. It was stupid. I mean, he was still in it. And he was still evaluating the guys. And people are all like butthurt on how he was talking about Drake May. But that's how it's talked about in the war room. Real. There's no cameras. All right. This is what we got to work on. The guy doesn't have five years. He doesn't have enough experience. He needs to work on this. Yeah, he's got this, this, and this. But he needs to work on this. And that's what you need to find in that room because that's how you develop players. You need to find out if you just work hard. That's something Bill used to say all the time. He would say stuff like, you can't just go work hard. You can't just go run 50 sprints. That ain't going to do anything for your game. What you need to do is you need to find a coach, a mentor, a peer. Find out what you have to work on and work hard at that. That's how you improve. So that's the kind of mode he's always in. We saw it in the locker room my older years. It's a sensitive generation coming up where they expect to be pat on the ass for doing your job when that's not how it was with Bill. We were always looking, how do we get better? Yeah, we made a 20-yard bow route throw. Yeah, this is National Football League. You're supposed to be able to run that route. You're supposed to make that throw. Now, how do we make the 40-yard post how we make that goddamn play like you know that's what it is it's about getting better and that's the grind of the nfl and i know it's been changing i don't know any different but that's what he is he's a machine intentional working you know like that there's a there's a purpose for everything that you do instead of just wasting your energy it's like every story we hear about his leadership and his coaching is like always just drive like hey there is never a finish line here we are always going and going and going and you talked about what he said about drake may he said that about fucking everybody jules everyone he had 50 He had 50 tapes ready. 50 fucking tapes, okay? There's no way we're going to be able to show those. Never. Never going to be able to show them. And only 32 draft picks. But even then, we're not going to be able to show all of them because of the timing or whatever. And he was like, I'd get top 50, no problem. It's like, this motherfucker's scouting everybody in this draft. nuts he is still scouting everybody in this draft so that he knows if he was to get back in he's not going to skip a year of talent out there that he didn't do any research on but he was i think he was enjoying trying to figure out what every player could do to become the best version of himself and that was kind of what the videos all were like hey need this need and it was like 35 percent good for most of these and then 65 percent bad when normally on draft night it's like 85 good and like 15 gonna have a long road you know gonna have to work a little bit but it was like every single person except for tom brady and pacey his note yeah it's it's so funny because i used to i used to go i knew chatty o'shea's uh exos password so i'd use like the coaches cut ups because then you could get like you'd see bill's notes on like a play so you they break up you guys know how it goes you break up the play you get the the formation the front the coverage the situation and they have it all pretty much like excelled out and then you'd have bb's comments you'd have jd's or josh mcdaniel's comments and it'd be so funny you'd see good accuracy and then you then there'd be like some terrible dog shit play and it would just be in all caps wtf question mark question mark question mark wtf what are we doing like what the fuck what the fuck what are we doing him typing him he's had to get the amount of wtfs and wtf question mark question mark covered like a blanket no one opened like it'd be so funny on just his notes i used to get off i would just go watch the film just to read his notes yeah he uh he was prepared nfl films put together for him and nfl films go ahead that also gave you a uh kind of a taste of what every opening meeting was like like our the team meeting when we used to go to the you know eight o'clock meeting or 7 45 meeting whenever we'd. That's what Bill would do. He'd address the team for 45 to 50 minutes as a whole team. Now, I don't know how it is on other teams, but I've talked to other guys where they just break up O and D. He would break down every phase of the game. He'd have like a 45-play cut-up in our team meeting to get ready for the day. And he'd break down 40, like 14 plays offense, 14, maybe 17 plays a defense. Always more defense. He's a defensive guy. We all know that. And like 13 plays a special teams. And he would go through this and address the team every day on what we had to do because he had the vision for what we wanted to be. And it's that's like half of it. Like, what are we going to be? What are we going to prepare for? A lot of guys don't know how to do that. It's funny. His film was awesome. I mean, it was. He was like, so I didn't want to put anything on his plate. You know, we were just pumped he was going to be there. Like, if he just sat there and had one word every 10 minutes great sweet you got fucking bill belichick here but he was like so how many plays do you want me to put film together of all these guys and i'm like okay so you're putting film together of all these guys he was like well i don't know this is what you want me to fucking do and i'm like you just said you wanted to do that he was like well it's not my fucking show it's like okay i would love for you to put together a film on these guys. Well, how many plays? I'm like, alright. Two plays? I'm not going to be able to tell a story with two plays. Alright, we'll do three plays? He goes, three plays would be good. And then he comes back. He's like, some guys, if I do a little bit more, a little bit less, it's okay. I'm like, Bill, literally literally whatever the fuck you want to do all good you know and he's like what's on my show i'm like bill this is your show this is you are the dread you are the football yeah you are the show so he like wanted to do it and i genuinely believe that when he was breaking it down because we you know he knows everything he fucking knows everything he's gonna act like he doesn't i think but he does he knows who's seeing what how they're seeing it i'm like hey the fans of the teams that draft these players are gonna see this that what you say is gonna be their thoughts on the player like that is just gonna become their new thoughts so i think whenever he was breaking it down he was trying to like reach the player too that was like hey like here's my thoughts on you as a player as well it was it was cool to kind of watch and then his personality this motherfucker's hilarious jules i assume you knew that obviously everybody knew that behind the scenes i think the world is just finding that out right now yeah it's been it's been real fun to see him go out and and show the personality he has. Now, it's a dry humor. And, like, you see how he kind of humiliated Amendola in the roast? You see how he got on? That's how he would get on, guys. He'd go, oh, yeah, 250 last year. That's a good half for fucking rain. Like, because he's seen so many different players and he remembers all the plays. It's funny to get to see him show kind of what it's like in film. Now, it gets a little crazier, but the PG version, it's been very fun. Because I think people are reacting to it. It's been really good to see him just get out and kind of show people the narrative like there's a narrative out right now about him like oh this guy's so old he can't fucking go yeah yeah there's no collaborative like bill's bill like if you have information bill will take information from anyone oh yeah but if you fuck them on that information and it's not real information, you're gone. So the whole collaborative thing, like, if you want to collaborate, let's just have good information. Let's have a good scheme. Let's have a good play that works. You know? That's how he is. Hey, listen. If your idea is better than mine, we will certainly use it. Now, if your idea is shit and it doesn't work out, there's a chance we don't use your ideas for a little bit. Never again. Never, ever again. Charge it to the game. Charge it to the game. Go ahead, AJ. Jules, how do you think it's going to be with Mayo there taking over? Obviously, huge shoes. How is it going to be? What do you think he's going to take with him that he learned from Bill and what kind of new things do you think he's going to inject into that whole franchise? I'm excited for Gerard. I just saw what he said about Mac Dre or Drake May. That's sweet though. We can leave Mac for sure. Oh yeah, Mac's doing well. I'm a Bay Area guy, and then there's Mack, and then now we got Drake and all this shit, whatever. But I'm excited. You could already see he's starting to use some of that Belichick tone when he addressed the media about Drake May, and he said, oh, well, he has a lot to work on. So you could see that he's using that. He was one of the smartest football players I played with. I had that little stint where I played defense, and I knew what I always had to do, but I just needed to confirm it with Gerard every play because that's the kind of guy Gerard was. He would be able to put everyone in position. He was always great in the locker room. He was a great leader. he was always great in the locker room he was a great leader he could communicate with everyone and i think he's gonna bring something different than what bill had is just the the way he communicates is gonna be different um you know he's probably gonna be more like a leader or a captain coming down and talking to like a young buck you know where you put the arm around like arm around him and kind of like love him up that's the kind of guy he was and i'm sure he's probably gonna bring that to his coaching style um but he's definitely i mean it's it's it's gonna be insane to watch could you imagine following bill belichick that's what i mean and elliot wolf too bill belichick with a rookie quarterback. And no playmakers. What are we doing? Connor has a question for you. I wouldn't say no playmakers, Jules. They got a couple guys in the draft. I like Born. I like Hunter. And I like some of these guys. They need a blue chip guy that can go down the field. You don't have Tom Brady to be able to just dissect right now. You got a young buck that needs to be loved up, and he needs to have a bunch of little things he can throw to make him feel safe. Well, not to – I mean, let's remember, too, they drafted the guy who led the country in receiving yards per catch. And I know you're happy about number 11, Tyquan Thornton. I think he's going to have a great year. But looking at it as a whole. Can we get on the field? If we're going to get the sticks out, can we stay on the field? Get the sticks out. This is his year, Jules. Okay, but. If we're going to get the sticks out. Have you described 11 as the sticks? Your whole. gonna get the sticks out have you described 11 as the sticks you're all you're all yeah that's great i'm eager to drop the sticks you better can we not have a hamstring i mean i know bill's mr soft tissue hate guy guy hates a soft tissue more than anything other we used to have to do all these goddamn hydration tests these tests that test because of fucking soft tissue. Just drink some water. Headaches too. I'm sorry for cutting you off. It's clearly a sore subject. The sticks need to be on the field if they're going to be warm. That's what I just heard. They're going to be this year. He's going to have a huge year. Jules, we haven't really talked about the doc as much. Obviously, the reaction to it was one thing. But when you were watching it, what was the feeling, kind of reliving everything, especially your catch against the Falcons, winning Super Bowl MVP, even though they really didn't talk about the good stuff. That stuff was kind of glossed over. But what were your feelings watching that? And then also, when you saw what Brady was like, his rookie year coming in those early years and how he acted. How much different was his transition from when you were, you know, on the team versus from when, you know, Vrabel and those guys were giving him shit? Yeah. My thoughts were, yeah, this thing's pretty Hollywooded out, clickbaity. That was my initial thought. I mean, i wasn't really on there because i wasn't talking shit about bill i mean you look at all the guys that were on the damn thing they're talking shit about and i love it i love it because you know we're all talking about it so it's clearly a great production for what they were trying to get out of it. Going to the Brady question, seeing Tom when he was a young buck, I mean, we always heard the stories, and I was really close with a lot of the guys, the Lonnie Paxtons, and I played with Matt Light, Steve Neal. Early in my career, there were those guys that were there. So they always kind of reminded me. And then when it transitioned to the point where he was like larger than life for like a young football player i kind of took a role where i would humanize them and like make fun of them in the locker room and like always be on them just because that was like the only time anyone really talked to him because everyone was too scared to talk to him. And you got to think about it. You know, when we already had, we're two Super Bowls in during my stint. The guy's been in the league for, like, 19, 18 years. You know, a kid who's 21, 22 years old comes in, has been watching this guy. Like, if Tom gets on him, the guy could put his tail in between his leg and, like, go, like, he couldn't take it because it's Tom Brady. So, like, that whole dynamic that the Vrabels and the Brewskis and Ty Law and Kevin Falk and Troy Brown, those guys, how they treated him, it transitioned to, like, a group of guys that would still bust his balls to try to make him feel like a human around the other guys. Like, and it made him feel comfortable. Yeah. I couldn't even imagine. Did that work? Yeah, it did. I was just trying to think about the 21 year old who would be so scared. That's like with Peyton. I saw that with Peyton a little like you know obviously in our 100 and he would come over and like introduce himself to everybody it's like we fucking know but I think he like felt obligated to kind of be it's hard to remain a human isn't it crazy at that position the whole world is hoisting you up into the your whole life Now, Tom, obviously different. Pick 199. But it's like Peyton, since he was a little kid, was like, this guy's going to be an NFL quarterback. So, like, the teachers are talking to him whenever he's in elementary school. Like, he's going to be a fucking NFL quarterback. Middle school, high school, obviously through college, Heisman, NFL, here we go. It's like, it's got to be hard to remain human and then you add in the fact tom brady's so handsome yeah so fucking handsome in one so i couldn't even imagine that's why he starts eating all that weird shit right because he feels like he has to somehow get better but then how do you remain a human i do not know i don't know how those dudes do it legitimate and like serena think about like serena you become like almost detached from reality oh yeah too like you almost have to be it's crazy and i couldn't even imagine with tom what it what it became and obviously you've seen it firsthand had to be crazy as well it was it was super crazy i mean when i was a rookie i was 22 years old the guy had three super bowls he's married to like the biggest supermodel in the world and i remember that moment like you just said the first in time i i met him like i dropped my goddamn 10 inch ring playbook when we used to have playbooks drop that thing like god damn this dude is handsome and tall cool look at this dude yeah you know and he and the cool thing about tom is he's honestly like a he's a very genuine dude and he knows guys names and like he he talks to guys because he knows what situation he's in you know he knows how guys look at him and he would always kind of he would he would take time out to like mess with guys a little bit here and there like and have conversations with guys because you know when you're in that stratosphere of where he's at he's at the point where and i'm sure peyton was the same way where these guys are trying to get every minute out of the day of trying to get themselves better like and everything's planned out like all right this these two hours are for my body these three hours i'm gonna break down the two opponents we got going here i I want to work on this technique on practice. These guys are so calculated. For them to take time out of their schedule or their routine to sit and say, What's up? How you doing, bud? You know what I mean? That's a big thing. Yeah, but that's scheduled in. They schedule that in. All right. 9 to 9.30 tomorrow morning. A little fuckery. A little fuckery around the locker room. Maybe sit in a card game real quick. I know you still got it if you had to. All right. Go keep it moving. There was another human who's celebrating a birthday today, I do believe. I found out via your Twitter account. The Big Gronk. What a machine. Okay. Okay, what an absolute football machine. And he, I mean, obviously spiking China shot glass. And then, you know, somebody, that's a whole other conversation. Hey, how'd the baby grow? How'd the baby grow? He was getting attacked, obviously, all night. He went up there, did his thing. I appreciated him celebrating the joke that he wrote. I do appreciate his delivery. I like him saying, everybody thinks I'm a big, dumb, fucking dipshit. I like him saying everybody thinks I'm a big dumb fucking dipshit. I enjoyed his self-awareness during the roast as well. For those of us that only see all I see Gronk doing is having a blast. That is literally the only thing I've ever seen Gronk do. I don't think there's ever been any other video that I've seen than Gronk just fucking dominating a moment and having more fun than anybody. You'd think he is like a big 13-year-old who happens to be one of the smartest football players to ever play and one of the most gifted athletes to ever play. Top 100 player, and he was still playing. I think the only person that got that title in the history of the NFL. Can you describe him to somebody that maybe has never met him? Like us, for instance, that don't really... You remember that book, Clifford, the big red dog? Yeah. That's Gronk, bro. Okay. He's happy as can be, always having a good time. And this whole thing that he's a dum-dum is ridiculous. The guy's actually a savant with numbers. And it's crazy. I used to bust his balls all the time. I'd walk down the like the hallway and i'd drop like a math problem like what's the square root of 144 he'd be like 12 like because anytime we would talk contracts or something like you know when you're you got a state of the union in a locker room when some guy just got paid or something you got these little state of the unions with in certainers. And we'd sit there, and we'd be doing math on, like, how much a dude just got. And Gronk would knock it out right away. He's getting 13.5 a year. Like, it was crazy. The guy knows numbers. So he's a genuine dude. He's great to always be around. And he gets a rap for always partying, but he's actually a health nut. Like, he'll sit there and you could see him calculating the calories when he's eating something when and and he's making a decision on if he should take a third bite or he shouldn't eat it like he does that kind of shit like he's crazy but like an actual health nut absolutely like he whenever he has fun it's just public always and it's like once or twice a year it's just because he's gronk and he has fun, it's just public always. And it's like once or twice a year. It's just because he's Gronk and he has a lot of fun. But he's actually a help nut. He doesn't party as much as you think. Always good vibes, though. For three years, we were all pretty nuts. Like his first three years. But then after that, he started getting surgeries and stuff. He changed his life completely around and got on that whole TB12 thing. How do surgeries and stuff he like changed his life completely around got on that whole TB12 thing oh how do you feel about the TB12 thing a lot of jokes sent to Alex Guerrero big pops out of him and again yeah he loved it yeah mouth open lights I love Alex okay good I love Alex you know I would incorporate a lot of their stuff their techniques their body work some of their dietitian or whatever, their diet restrictions. I would incorporate a lot of it. And he is a smart guy, Alex Guerrero. I mean, Tom believes anything he says, and he played forever. So as a young player, you have no choice but like, hey, yeah, I'm going to believe him too. Yeah. The way you said that, you know. He could literally say, Tom, if you eat this dog shit right here, it's going to make you better. Tom would eat it. I'm not joking. What if it made him better? Yeah. That's what everybody's eating. We're putting some avocado dog shit. Alex, I'm joking, bro. I love you. Alex wouldn't do that. Alex wouldn't do that. Love Michael. We love Alex. Alex got a big pop out of that, I bet. He did. He did. Open mouth pop. He was laughing. That fucker was laughing. He was laughing. That was good. I appreciate those guys would sit, I mean, they, they would sit and look at timing of everything, like on when he could eat, when he could sleep, when he needed body, right? Like it, it was like when we say a machine and not human, it was real, bro. Yeah. And the guy would sit and like smell the, the chicken wings the night before the game. Well, like the linemen are over there taking down chicken wings. We always had the same food, you know, at the hotels. You have the same food every pregame meal. And there would always be chicken wings. And you see Tom just sit there, and you know he loved a chicken wing. And he just had to use that mental toughness and that chin strength, just walk right by it and just give it a smell only. Because he lives it. Hey. He preaches the TB12 shit, but he lives it, man. He really does live it. That's why you respect him. That's good discipline. That's good discipline. Yeah. Smell it. Close your eyes. Swallow even. A fake swallow. Oh, I just had a bite. So good. Give me fucking. What is it? Tony Perkins or the guy who'd eat the cheese pizza that he'd spit it out or was that heavyweights or yeah dodgeball dodgeball dodgeball dodgeball yeah fuck chuck norris uh what a moment there for ben stiller he had a hell of a run yeah he's back hell of a run hey sorry about your knicks still anyways d-butt's got a question for you football i got a ball question yeah obviously you came you came in, former quarterback in college, had to learn how to play that wide receiver position. What's like that transition for young guys, especially the guys coming in now, expect to be one, straight out of the gate, Marvin Harrison, Malik Neighbors, even probably Polk or Baker up there in New England. What's that transition like coming into the league? Well, the transition these last four or five years has been at a level that we've never really seen. And I think it's because of the information that these kids have these days. It used to be folklore on how you used to train for an NFL season through the stories of how Jerry Rice used to run 30 miles uphill both ways and do this and do that. Now you could just hop on someone's Instagram and check out what they're doing at this time right now, like your favorite receiver. So like the information has helped these guys transition. You know, when my when I was transitioning, I had to go against real athletic jokers like you in rookie camp. And, you know, it was tough because I had no clue what I was – I couldn't even get in a receiver stance. And you're over here, you know, giving me an offhand jam to my goddamn throat. DB. You and Patrick Chung. Oh, wow. Almost fought Patrick Chung in that rookie camp. You remember that? PPC. Oh, yeah. Both of you guys always on 100 but that was a that was a great day that's how you had to that's when you had to build it but you came in i mean shit you had randy moss on one side you had west walker the slot that you had to learn from you obviously early like joey galloway who a lot of people don't remember he was out there for training louis crazy it was crazy man so have you seen him? Still yoked, by the way. Still. He's fucking swinging an ax. Joey Galloway's swinging an ax in Ohio right now. Heavy. Jack, dude. He was still running like 4'3". He was like 38. What a dog. Now he just golfs every day and chops down fucking trees. Yeah. What a dog. Anyway, sorry about This transition, like I was saying, it's gone a lot better from when I got into the league just because of all the information we have these days. But as a younger football player trying to get on the train right away, I would always tell guys this because this is what I heard from the Fred Taylors of the world, the Kevin Falks of the world. They said, you know, there's going to be mistakes made. And you're going to make a mistake. You just can't make the same mistake twice because coaches are looking at that too. And that's a form of evaluating a player. Can he, we expect him to make a mistake. Does he learn from the mistake? Can he not make that same mistake again? And a lot of it is the mental aspect of the game for a lot of these younger football players, being able to take things from the classroom to the drills they build in for what we're installing that day to the six, seven on seven or the competitive period, the one on one or the seven on sevens or the pass block drills to the team drill like can you take things and and be able to process it at a level that they're going to be able to trust you when it when it comes to like a game week because you know a lot of these teams are game plan teams we all have a base of plays if you're on the offensive side that you always pick and choose from. But you're also if you're in a in a system that, you know. Evolves their offense throughout the season. You know, you got to be able to take things from the classroom and be able to install it and not have to worry about it and go from there. So I would say just for these younger football players, that transition period of trying to jump on the train of the NFL, you're going to make mistakes. You just can't make them twice and be in that playbook because the faster you learn your playbook, the faster you know what the defense is doing, that's when you get to use your athletic ability. That's when the game slows down and you get to use the speed or your quickness or your superpower. Whatever your superpower is, you can't use it until you know what you got to do. And you know what they're doing. So, like, that's the main thing for these younger football players when they're trying to come in and be an impact player or contribute at any kind of level. As the great Coach Sirianni said, less thinking, more athlete takeover. That's what he said in his opening press conferences. That was the goal, to get the Philadelphia Eagles all to a point where they're doing less thinking, more athlete takeover. And I think that's what you're talking about learning your playbook so you don't have to think. The only way that could happen, the only way that could happen, though, is if you rep it right. Because if you rep it right, practice execution becomes game reality. So it's already in your subconscious once you see it in the situation that you practice and practice. And it becomes like Scotty O'Brien used to say, like deja vu. Practice execution becomes game reality. Throw that from Bill. Ask him about that him about that yeah fuck yeah we all steal shit from our coaches you know what i mean the ball is the program baby i mean we are we are we're talking about it all uh for practice execution is game reality about also ask him like coach how would you address turnovers to the team? Like, Bill would sit there. He goes, look, if you have the football in your hand, you have everyone in the Foxborough region. That's six states. Five and a half. You have everyone in this building. You have everyone in this building's families, fate in your hands. That's what he would say.'s pretty serious balls the program is a little bit more than that love it was a little bit more than the program because the program means a lot of things to a lot of people uh for this question it's my last one and um i hate to even bring it up because when it gets brought up there's always a debate and it brings out a bunch of people that don't know. I think you're a Hall of Famer. Is that something that you even think about? Or crosses your mind? I think you were the most... I'm asked every day. I'm asked like everyone always asks me. That's what I'm saying. That's why I hate fucking asking. Just because it gets brought up. But I would like to be on the record as stating that i think you deserve to be in the hall of fame not just because of what you're able to do at wide receiver for the new england patriots punt returner you were a fucking nightmare you were you were an absolute nightmare and then you played fucking defense yeah and then you have some of the biggest plays in the history of football and you got rings yeah and it's like i i don't even i don't even understand what the conversation is, but I do assume you get asked a lot, so I apologize for doing that. But has it become something you've become desensitized to one way or the other? Yeah. That's for other people to decide. That's not what I decide. That's just how the award works or whatever it is. You know what I mean? You look at my regular season, I probably didn't have the numbers for it. You know, postseason, whatever, it's different. The games that matter, yeah, it's a little different. The biggest games. It's a little different. Yeah. But people also don't understand when you guys will see, you know, you open the season up with 30, 40 catches in the first three games. You know, we got to break tendencies. So then you don't see the rock for three games because, you know, we're trying to prepare for the playoffs potentially. I don't know. Yeah, that could be. You look at the stats maybe. We're trying not to become too one-tracked. It's hard to get stats when you're blowing everyone out. It's hard to get stats when you're running it out in the second half. That whole postseason stats not counting thing, like Vinatieri's points in the playoffs didn't count whenever he was trying to become the all-time leading scorer. It's like the ones that we see, the ones that are on all the highlights, the biggest ones of all time, yeah, those don't count. Just regular season, it's like, that makes no sense. And then whenever people talk about you, they're like, yeah, regular season it's like that makes no sense and then whenever people talk about you they're like yeah he was great in the playoffs and in super bowls okay where was he in august that's what i and it's like how is that our conversation we're having then when other people are up for it it's like all we're asking about is how are they doing the playoffs i see it's like a never-ending circle but i think you've deserved it and earn, and we appreciate you taking a fucking hour here on this glorious Tuesday, brother. Is it an hour? It's been an hour? Time flies when you're having fun, boys. You look so casual. You look so casual. Maybe the most casual human we've ever had on this program. I just got done with the workout. Now I'm about to go pick up my daughter at school. Or no, not today. I was just dropping off. It's all right. It's okay. You're doing great. What is time? It just worked out. What is time? What is time? Constructs. Amen. Meant by who? Who put that in? Who put the constructs in? No, not people trying to control us. You see those cleats right there? Yes, sir. I stole that from Tom Brady. Those are the last cleats you ever wore in New England. Wow. I hope they make a documentary or they have the FBI try to find those. They found that jersey. We still don't know who killed Tupac. Well, he's never going to get those back because he won't come on your show. Bingo. Look at right there. One half of the hammer. Die! We do appreciate you knowing that Golden Auction is going to try to get those cleats Golden Auction is going to try to get those Or make them They do with cars but they'll put wheels on those fucking things No doubt make them rolling streets It's not my favorite thing though My favorite thing is the I stole Matthew Slater's inhaler. He used to always, he was an asthma guy. You said fuck him. Before practice, Slate would be in there doing a prayer, and then he'd go out to practice every day. DB knows what I'm talking about. Slate dog. Absolutely. Slate dog. Another Hall of Famer. Amen. Hall of Famer. Amen, dude. How many years did he play Absolutely Slate dog Another Hall of Famer Amen Hall of Famer Amen dude How many years did he play As the best gunner in football 12 16 17 Like I understand Corner is the most Athletic position But to be a gunner You gotta be like So fast So quick So powerful So strong And what Everything he did Yeah tough Everything he did On special teams he's the best in the league. He can still play. I think he can run the league, too. He could run the league, too, right, Kearney? Bring him back. Yeah, no, I think he's working with the Patriots, so that's a great addition to have, have him in the building. So his wife didn't want him to play anymore, but you got a coach, I guess. Well, he can't play anymore because Jules stole his inhaler. Yeah, the guy can't fucking breathe. The guy can't breathe anymore. He's still running 22. The wife got mad because he was dying every day of asthma because he didn't have his fucking inhaler. Where were they? They're next to Tom Brady's cleats that I stole. Joey, you're a menace, dude. You're a fucking menace. you crushed it at the roast. You're killing it every day. Seems like you're enjoying the hell out of life, which is great news. You've earned it all, pal. We appreciate you. All right, fellas. Take care. Ladies and gentlemen, Julio. Yeah. Jules. So casual. Yeah. So cool. I'll tell you what, I have gotten into a spot, feels good. Like maybe a half lean on a couch. Sure. Like he is in there. And that seemed to be a good setup for him to do the lean. Yeah. With the way the mic was. So that body was a little sore and he sat down and was like I feel perfect. Not moving from here. Nailed it. All you psychos still working out like you guys are in the league. AJ does every single morning. D-Butts is still jacked. JJ Watts still got five fucking... Doing sprints. Doing sprints, yeah. I appreciate you guys. Hey, way to go, boys. Thank you for doing it for us. Slater is the big dom of New England now, though. He will be that character for Mayo. Oh, okay. He'll be the one saying that. Yeah, he's his right hand. I'll get smacked in the mouth, not you. Yeah, bingo. Exactly. His pops was a Hall of Famer, too. Oh, yeah. I sat in a roundtable discussion with his pops. Oh, really? And Roger Goodell. Holy shit. Wow. And many other legends, gold jackets, and OGs of the game. And I don't know why I was asked to be in there. There was no way I was talking. You were nominated. No, I was just doing the draft pick. So it was happening at the draft. It wasn't even the Colts that asked me to do the draft pick. The NFL asked me, would you like to do the Colts third round draft pick or whatever? I'm like, fuck yeah. I would love to do that. Thanks. They had a full day. You want to come in early? We had a roundtable discussion with the commissioner and everything like that. And then you go out, we'll get on a bus, we'll go over there. I'm like, sure, yeah, fucking do it. Nashville is right down the road. We go there. I'm in this roundtable discussion for 45 minutes. It was high. It was high tensions. Tasty. Contentious. High tensions. Slater's dad was pretty. He was one of the. He was one of the big time talkers in the back And what about and then somebody else over here? Oh, yeah last time we did this because I guess this happens Maybe yearly and I think the similar amount similar guys are inviting and there's like doofuses like me They're like sprinkled in and brought out and then they're gonna do they were not happy about stuff. I'll revolve around insurance Okay, my 45 minutes straight funny enough. I did offer something up at the very end My idea about like can't one of these companies just sponsor at the very end. My idea about like, can't one of these companies just sponsor NFL alumni insurance? You guys have more insurance companies doing deals with you than ever. Just make some of these NFL OGs, do fucking commercials and then just offer that thing maybe from five years to 15 years and then just have an insurance company be a part of the entire thing. The NFL is the hero. Okay. Anything else? Put a pin in that one. Everybody just left. Players didn't say anything. Players didn't say anything. Roger Cattell didn't say anything. We're talking about fucking dry room. And it was over. That was the first time I opened my mouth. First time. They were speechless. It was such a good idea. They were speechless. I think I saw somebody tap the table. All right. That's enough for today Okay. Like when your kid has a great idea or something, like your eight-year-old kid. Okay. That'll work. That'll work. Okay, good idea. Yeah, that's for the fucking NFLPA. This is what Roger was thinking. All right, let's get the hell out of here. What a day. We're back tomorrow. Hell yeah. I don't think I'll ever go back to one of those. You never know. You Did you ever know? I think I nailed it, though. I did. I thought I fucking had it. I mean, that's a great idea. That is a solution. 44 minutes of them being pissed, and in my head, I'm just like, we just fucking need to do a deal. What are we even talking about? You're about solutions. John Tapper, you're about solutions. You're not about problems. I don't want to hear your problem. I want sitting at the head of a table. And then, like, Troy Vincent was next to him and then a couple other people. And then there were some players down on the bottom row, but then it was like, I was in, like, the middle second tier to the right just trying to avoid all. But then Slayer was coming over top and then some other guy in the bowl jacket was coming over here. And the guy whose fingers were sideways with two canes was like, and I'm fucking. And I'm fucking, and I'm like, yeah, I like what's going on here. I'm about done with this. Okay, sweet. Do we have any answers on, insert something else that they're pissed off about? It's like, yeah, do it. I mean, I'm fucking excited to hear this. And obviously, Roger Goodell handled the room absolutely perfectly. And at the very end, I mustered up the courage. Now little did they know I was about to go do what I did on the draft stage You know I don't think anybody in that room knew I was going to be doing that But I thought I had the idea It got shipped away quickly Later on though I'm sure they're like What did that dumbass say Alright let's get the hell out of here Boys great work today Matt Morvik from Mecham Auto Auction Thanks for starting the show today I can't wait to spend time over there. Only one car. Maybe two. Depends on what the wife wants. We'll see. See what they got for talk. We might be going live tomorrow to buy a car for talk because he does not have a car out here in Indiana. So in the third hour tomorrow, there's a chance we are bidding from here. What do you want? What are you thinking for? It's not up to him. Don't you? No, no, I know. What kind of model are you thinking? Like a neon or something? The way I described it was, and I don't know if you've ever heard this, I said hilarious is the way I described it. If you guys have any hilarious cars going in a two o'clock hour, we would be very pretty. If it's 1 o'clock, whatever. Just let us know what time a hilarious one is, and then we'll be the internet. Which is always a bitter that's looming. Always a bitter that's looming. It could be us. There's so many that would fit talk. There's that 1972 Chevrolet C10 Cheyenne super pickup. The blue one right there? How about the original Hummer, it appears? I mean, an 06 Lexus would be pretty electric. Yeah, talking in a two miles per gallon. Yeah, fucking original. We're thinking the same thing there. Maybe that mobster one up top, left there. Oh, 83 Chevy? Yeah, this is what we're talking about. Tomorrow is full of opportunities for talking. Happy birthday, Talk. You see that 2003 Mercury? On the right, yeah. Let's make sure nobody else sees me. Yeah, good call, good call. All right, we appreciate you all so much for allowing us to do this for a living. Tomorrow's going to be a great show. Then we'll be off Thursday, Friday. We aren't happy about it, but we will be watching the PGA Championship championship while we're all buying cars at the Indiana State Fairgrounds from our friends at Mecham. Shout out to them for being so incredibly kind and hospitable. Great work today, AJ. D-Butt, you crushed it. Boys, way to go. Hammer is in about 15 minutes. I can't wait to see what we're betting on tonight. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Like our friends at Dude Wipes. That's a real deal. A bath for your ass. It's worth it. Only one per flush, though. Only one per flush. Hey, we're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye. Thank you.