Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people. And welcome to our Humble Abode, the Thunderdome. On this, wow, it's a New World Wednesday, May 29, 2024. This program starts right now. Sports are awesome. Sports are fantastic. Sports are something that keep the world together whenever times are trying and times are tough. Everybody can rally and sports give people motivation to strive for something much bigger than themselves. And currently, we are joined by the greatest trophy in all of sport. Ladies and gentlemen, Lorna, the Sunday Cup. Yeah, Mira brought it in here the The first ever woman full-time Stanley Cup keeper of the Cup. She came from Toronto. Came in today. Shout out to the NHL making this happen. Now, there are a lot of rules obviously. This is not our first dance with Lourdes. We've had him in here last year, but he was with Ruppert, who's a Stanley Cup champion. So I was able to drink out of it, party with it, have a good time with it. Since nobody in here won a Stanley Cup, we're not allowed to do shit with this thing. Not even allowed to touch it. Can't look at it for too long. But I will say, it adds a nice sparkle. It does. Welcome to the Thunderdome, Mira. And welcome to the Thunderdome, Lordo. Thank you you for joining us and obviously hockey will be a topic of conversation today because lordo's here and also congrats to the florida panthers tying up the eastern conference finals last night in overtime thrilling fashion nine year nfl vet florida panthers diehard superfan since the day he was born ladies and gentlemen darius butler nobody in south florida's allowed to touch this thing not yet not yet and i won't jinx it, but a beautiful trophy. Another beautiful game last night. Some great playoff hockey. You mentioned another overtime. It was three overtime games now in the Eastern Conference Finals. Great game. Obviously, Rhino, Sam Reinhardt with the quickest OT goal in team history last night. Great hand. Some barky as well. Give it to him, but great shot. Great game Last night, great hands from Barky as well. Get it to him. But great shot, great game. 2-2, never a doubt. Going back up to New York for a huge game five. Yeah, it was about a minute into overtime they end it and win it. And three straight games going to overtime. These two teams know a lot about each other. Physical. It's been a physical matchup. It's been everything that's good with hockey. The Florida Panthers are able to get past this New York Rangers team, I think people would say, you know what? Those people down in South Florida deserve to hoist the award. It has not been an easy road here for this Florida Panthers team, and it's never going to be. That's why this trophy is so damn glorious. Reinhardt's goal was the fastest to begin an overtime period in Panthers history. Reinhardt is the NHL's power play goal leader this entire season. They had a power play, and a lot of Rangers fans aren't necessarily thrilled about that. The refs are certainly being called into question from people from New York, but that's how this goes. Congrats to the Panthers getting a big-time win, 2-2 in that particular series. There we go. Also, they're not dead yet. Minnesota Timberwolves extend the series against the Dallas Mavericks last night down in Dallas. It is now 3-1. Luka did his thing. Kyrie did his thing. Kyrie did his thing. Welcome back Carl Anthony Tans and Anthony Edwards into the national spotlight of conversation. That is a 3-1 series. Obviously, the stats say that no team has ever been able to come back from a 3-0 deficit in the playoffs of the NBA, but why not this Minnesota Timberwolves who seemingly found their mojo last night? Anthony Edwards had a little bit of energy. Everything we loved about him at the beginning of the playoffs seemed to come back last night. Was Dallas just resting on their yawnies because they're up three? Probably. What will happen in the next game? We shall see. If Minnesota can take this to a Game 7, obviously it'll be a massive convo. If they're able to win this series, it'll be historic. But if not, Dallas and Boston will be one that all eyes will look at. The talk table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. French Bulldog on your chest. That looks good. Yeah, I figured the return of the dog, Ant-Man, it called for a nice dog shirt. It was great to see the T-Wolves be the T-Wolves again. Carl Anthony Towns, you said it, 20 points in the second half. I'm not sure about the junk, a little talking junk, rather, post-game. I game. I don't know if that's great for the Timberwolves just because Luka is one of those guys that when you are talking a lot of shit to him, he will come back and answer. It was the Phoenix Suns who were up 3-1, if you remember I think two years ago, where Luka said, hey, it's easy to talk when you're up ahead and doing all that. And then inevitably Dallas would come back down 3-1 to win the series 4-3. So I'm not sure. You know, Ant's very confident. They're coming back to Dallas for game six. We'll see what happens. But it was great to see the T-Wolves be the T-Wolves again. One half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys tone. Digs is your tone. How you doing, pal? Great, you? Good. I'm good. My Laurel's here. Probably going to do it again. You don't have to worry about jinxing the Penguins. Yep, probably going to do it again. Keep going. You're in my world, Loretta. You're on my desk. Sidney Crouch, you just got traded. It just happened. Now Malcolm got traded. Malcolm just got traded too. No, no, no. Once it's done, it's like opening Pandora's box. Wait until you see McDavid. He's coming to Pittsburgh. Oh my God, that's Latane. Gone. No, I just thought of it. Boom. Mario Lemieux. Gone. Tommy Barasso just passed. Tommy Barasso is still alive. Is it Death Cup Day? That is a nice shirt you got on, though, too. Thank you. The Allegheny Electric Company. Paul That is a nice shirt you got on, though, too. Thank you. The Allegheny Electric Company. Paul Skeen's birthday. Paul Skeen's pitching day. Happy birthday, Paul Skeen's. And happy... All right. Let's get into it. Pittsburgh is the home. Yep. Okay. Of the greatest baseball player of all time. Yes. You can look at stats, because that's what baseball is, is stats. The greatest baseball player of all time. Played in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Where's he currently laying resting as a dead man? He's in Allegheny Cemetery. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Pittsburgh is the home of baseball. Is basically what everybody's saying. The MLB has made a decision to add statistics from a league that happened in the United States of America back in the 30s that white people weren't allowed in. It was called the Negro League. It was kind of like the opposite. We weren't allowed in. Y'all. Y'all. I didn't do any of this. I didn't watch baseball. Nobody in my – You want to talk about Harris-Dick? Pittsburgh, we're like, we wanted a team in Pittsburgh. That's why we had the Homestead Graves. That obviously I've been a fan of since I was a kid. Tim and Sally McPhee used to tell me stories about the Homestead Graves and what they did for Pittsburgh. And Josh Gibson, okay, the greatest baseball player ever. This is Josh. Yep. Born in Georgia. Became a Yenzer, though. Played for the Homestead Grizzlies. Buried there. He's the greatest baseball player to ever hold a bat. That's just what stats say. That's what MLB says. He played in a league I'm not allowed to say. I'm not allowed to say the name of the league. If you named the league, then maybe you wouldn't be allowed to. But you did it. It's uncomfortable every time. Because whenever playing in the Negro League, it's because the whites were assholes. Basically. So Josh Gibson. For sure. There's a lot of those stories throughout the history of the world from what I'm learning. And we have learned. And as it continues to go. Josh Gibson, did he ever get to play in the MLB after playing? No. He died very young. He had a brain tumor. So he died I think when he was like 45. I think 35. Yeah, it might have been 35. Satchel Paige was like another one of the biggest stars from the Negro Leagues and he eventually did get to play in the MLB but most of these guys never got to actually play in the MLB. I did do research too. The year he died, Jackie Robinson got into the MLB, into the league. Okay, and the brain, which is obviously massive. The brain thing, I think he was told he could get it fixed, right, at one point? Yeah, they could remove the tumor, and he pretty much said, like, nah, I'm not having brain surgery. All right, I'll just deal with the headaches. I think he went back and played again, and then eventually he died from a brain tumor. So the brain surgery, he was worried he wouldn't be able to get as much contact on the ball. Probably maybe reduces hand-eye coordination, bat speed, all that sort of stuff. Yeah, 372 career batting average. He's in the Buccos Hall of Fame, too. Is he? Damn right. Hell yeah. See? Pittsburgh's been doing it right this whole time. Well. 72, he went to Baseball Hall of Fame, right? Yep. Thanks, Cooperstown. Guys from Pittsburgh. Now we've got Paul Skeens and the Hundo Boys, which actually, I guess they're called the Allegheny Electric Company. They're both pitching today. Come on. The Allegheny Electric Company. I think that's the Pitching Ninja's logo right there, right? Is the Pitching Ninja create this? The Allegheny Electric. What's wrong with the Hundo boys? I really like the Hundo boys, to be honest with you. They sent a great shirt, though. This feels pretty good. A couple gas station attendants. Yeah, I was going to say, they can just be the gas station together, right? One's a gas pump, maybe. I don't know. The other is just the gas can. Anybody wants to a gas pump. Yeah, well, he's a pump and a jack. He's the leader of them. Yeah, he's the fool. Yeah, he's doing it. Yeah, we can just call. We can find out that guy's name and just call those guys his name. So I do appreciate that the Pirates have sent us some merch here and that Paul Skeens has some. Shirt fits great. I mean, obviously, next to Lourdes, it looks amazing. But the Pittsburgh area has been home to baseball this whole time. And it's known as a hockey time. And obviously, the Steelers run the time. But in the end, we got the greatest baseball player of all time from there. And Paul Skeens is about to be the best baseball player again. So life is good in Pittsburgh. Now let's go to Cincinnati. 12-year NFL event. Universal Records label signed rapper. Most recent single, All the Smoke, available now on all the platforms. Ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Jones. Pac-Man, how you doing, Paul? What's up, brother? I'm doing good. A lot of drama in Cincinnati. A lot of drama. Jamar Chase, T. Higgins, both not there. Joey Burrow's not on a pitch count, but he's obviously coming off a wrist injury. How do we feel about the Bengals? They're going to be just fine, huh? We feel really good. We feel really good. We'll be just fine. As long as Joe's good,. Higg will be there when camp starts. We all know that. It's not like he's not going to sign. Do I think the long-term deal will get worked out with T. Higg? I don't think so. I think Chase is the main priority right now. I think it's good, though. All the linemen are there. Joey getting with the big boys. He got the top flight security. Yeah Joey getting with the big boys. He got the top flight security. Yeah, getting good timing with the offensive line during OTAs is a big deal. That was a joke. I don't know if they're doing anything together, but I do appreciate that they're hanging out and camaraderie is building, which I think is a big part of this particular time of year. Yesterday it was reported that the NFLPA might be trying to push OTAs out of the offseason pretty much and just have a ramp-up period in training camp. Do you have any thoughts on that, on how you would feel about it? I prefer – I like the OTAs. I don't like rushing my body back because then when you rush your body back, you get tweaks with hamstring, groin, little soft muscles. But I think everybody needs that. Everybody needs the timing. You get feeling of different calls, knowing what you can sit on routes, just knowing fine-tuning of what everybody got to do. That's what I think OTA is for. And, man, you got to know. You got to know if you want to play at this level. This is a big boy game, and there's a lot of X's and O's in this game besides just playing football. I think they would still have the ramp-up period would still have the same amount of time, I think, as the OTAs. So I just think it would just be moved towards the beginning of training camp. And then immediately all the reaction is from a lot of people is like, well, this is the NFLPA pushing this. So obviously everything you try to get done with the NFL is a part of a negotiation. So if the NFL is going to get 18 games to move training camp or move OTAs from April and May to near training camp. It's like the NFLPA strikes again. The NFLPA strikes again. Then you ain't got no break. If you do tweak some, you're right there in the training camp. Then you're right into the season. You need that break. I think you need the break. They get a month off. A month and a half is like five, six weeks. Yeah, that's a good little break. Then you can refocus back in, and then you're hitting it all the way to February. Yeah, it's interesting that the NFLPA is pushing for it because you would assume that a lot of the players in the locker room currently voted for it to be an option. But it feels like every ex-player that you've talked to, for me, I don't care. I got to kick a ball. Actually, the first couple weeks of OTAs, you can't even have a ball in the field. So I actually have to go kick in another field. So it's like there's a lot of stupidity and a lot of these rules in how this whole thing goes. So for me, I don't have, but it feels like every person that's ever played in the past is like, this is dumb. We don't like any part of this. But we So for sure. I wonder why this was the thing that the NFLPA was like, you know what? Yeah, we need to change this. Hand scratcher. I don't get it. I know usually the player reps are older players and veterans. You know, once you are six, seven years into the thing, you don't necessarily need – I like the OTAs for all the reasons Pac-Man said. And not only just for the players, for the coaches. Like you think about all the musical chairs with the coaching staff a lot of time this first time these guys have a room and you're not in there with college kids you're in there with grown-ass men so you got to win them over with you know intellect so knowing that you can call plays how do you install how do your best players do they need walkthroughs do they need to get up on the board learning those things in april and may as opposed to trying to learn them in august and september um it's a big, big issue. Brady came out and said, hey, the football is getting worse and worse across the board. I don't see this making it any better. You talk about not having a break for injuries, too. It's like if there is any situations between coach and player or player and player during OTAs, a little drama, you know, five-week break, getting back, a nice little refresh. You know, that is a whole other thing that could potentially take place, not only the injuries, but the break. Joining us now is a man who played in the NBA for 21 years. Now, before we chat with him, we've got to showcase what he did the other night during Luka's game winner as he was on an alt cast on TNT. True T. I forget the exact channel. Nonetheless, listen to this man, the Kroshtradamus, explain what's about to take place in front of our faces. What happens here, Cross Stradamus? Closes his eyes. It's going to be a Lucas hands. He's going to shoot a step back three. Ooh, you think so? Seeing it happen. I think so. I've got to say, if you are right. If I'm right, I'm walking up the set. Yeah. Does he go in or are you just saying that's what he does? I think he makes it. He's going to hop on one leg after he does it. If I'm on one leg, I'm telling you. If you were the details and stuff, I'm telling you. What do you think, Channing? Rudy's still on the court. Rudy's going to be involved in this one. I think Derek Lively gets a lob dunk. Okay. How about Jamal going? You think they're tying. I think it's his Tyree time. What did I tell you? Oh, my God. Ladies and gentlemen, joining us now, the cross-dramas, Jamal Crawford. How's it going, man? What's up, y'all? What's that? I said, what's up, y'all? Okay, so you're closing your eyes there. You're seeing the play unfold. And I guess D-Butt just said you did three of those throughout that entire game. Was that something you were known for while you were playing in the league? Or is it because of how long you played in the league that you have this ability to just predict exactly what a coach is going to do i think it's a little bit of both but to be honest with you always had a feel i think my feel is one of my greatest gifts and i saw it i closed my eyes and i saw it and i wouldn't even say it as much as i did but taylor kept pressing me on details and i just saw it exactly how it played out which is crazy yeah it is crazy it's awesome tv though yeah it's an awesome moment and also we run that right before you talk on this show makes our show look like yeah legit shit coming you know and that never happens for us so we appreciate it let's talk about that series obviously the minnesota timberwolves extended okay ant cat back in the game last night obviously after seemingly falling apart for the first three games had no juice no job no energy no shot making ability what happened last night and is this sustainable is this team going to be the first team games. They had no juice, no job, no energy, no shot-making ability. What happened last night, and is this sustainable? Is this team going to be the first team ever to come back down 3-0 in the playoffs and knock off the Dallas Mavericks, or do we think Dallas just got a little laissez-faire, up three zip in a playoff series? I think Dallas still wins it. I think just for Minnesota going forward, it was exactly what they needed. I tweeted before the game, before the series started. I said for Minnesota to win, Ant's going to do what he does, but they're going to make it tough on him. It's going to be a cat series. If Cat's making shots like that, it opens up the floor. It gives everybody else space. It gives Ant another weapon. His attacks aren't as predictable because now he's playing to close out. He's playing against space. now he's playing to close out. He's playing against space. So when Cat's making shots like that, that's going to have to be the formula for them to try to claw back in the series. Okay, so you think that Dallas still wins it. What do you think they'll need to do? Dallas will just have to do the Luka Kyrie show to be able to get back on the winning side of things here, or same exact game plan, Minnesota just happened to win one? Yeah, I think Ann Lively was out too, Pat. I think that was a huge loss, and I think he may be back in the next game or so. He's a lob threat. He allows those guys, especially when Luke and Kyrie are getting downhill, to play the lob as well as put Gobert in a situation where it's a two-on-one and have him guessing. I think Ky would play a lot better as well. I think he struggled a little bit in the fourth quarter and didn't get his normal rhythm, his normal juice. So I expect him to come out and have a big game. At some point, if it's the next game or game six, it won't go seven. Dallas will end this thing. D-Bot's got a question for you. Yeah, speaking on Cat, you were already speaking on him, but that mindset with obviously all the outside noise, I know you guys probably watch, you know, the TNT guys after games or at least hear about it. especially a star player like that to focus, especially with this game being a lot of perimeter based on offense, shooting a lot of threes, goes four for five last night after struggling massively for the previous few games. Four for 40. How's that mindset for the player going with all that outside noise and keeping that confidence on the biggest stage? We act like we don't hear it, D, but we hear it for sure. Because I remember when social media first came in, when I was with the Clippers, and it was like prevalent. Everybody had a voice. And you're running to your phone and seeing what they're saying. And it's messed up because they kind of start controlling how you're playing. If you look, Cat didn't take a three until later in the game. So I know he heard the thoughts like, oh, man, stop shooting, stop shooting, go on the paint. And they were kind of coaching him rhythm he started making shots then he felt more comfortable he had to take them and we're all creatures of habit and basketball is such a rhythm sport you can miss three in a row but then you can make three or four in a row and he got on his roll but social media is definitely a a huge part it's even worse when your family's like you know what you should be doing this you should be doing that it's past the social media part well because the family hears what is said on social media. So they got the answers, not everybody, but they have the answers, obviously, from outside looking in. They did the research on social media. This is what the majority of the people are saying. So this is what I think I should be believing. But in the NBA, there's a show there that sets the tone for the conversation across the board. And it's like it's gone soon. It's going to be gone after next year. And obviously you get to work at TNT alongside the legendary show that has won, I don't know, 55 Emmys or something for just being the best ever. But like it feels like they set the conversation for an entire sport as well. So whenever you talk about you have to be able to hear it, has it always been that way with Inside the NBA? Have players always heard everything that Chuck had to say or Shaq had to say? I think before him it was magic and then I think there was, I forget who all filled that far left spot. It feels like that show more intertwined with the culture, the conversation, and the locker room than any other sport. Is that an accurate reading? Has it always been that way? It's very accurate. There's some people out here saying, I only watch the game. I tune in for pregame, postgame, and after the game to see what they're going to say. So they've always had the pulse. And for them, hopefully this whole thing shakes out. I don't know much about it right now. It's a lot of conversation. But they transcend sport. They're almost like the Golden Girls. They their own sitcom like they're bigger than just a sport because we all want to know what Shaq or Charles or Kenny's going to say and Ernie's the godfather right so he's going to set the stage perfectly so we have to have them because they've been the backdrop in the soundtrack for basketball for the last 25 plus years a lot of power obviously they're in a position of leverage yeah uh-huh big time in a great play uh space uh business wise yes at this stage of the show and of their careers and their success, the amount of leverage they currently have with this, it stinks for TNT. Now, maybe TNT just keeps it too, by the way. Yeah. We don't have basketball. Who cares? We'll still have the pregame. People can still come for halftime. They can get access to arenas even if they're not doing the games because of who they are. So maybe TNT is able to keep it together. But if not, there's a lot of big pockets that are looking to get into live sports. And that show, to your point, they're outdrawing some games. Their ratings are better than some games. It's like all of a sudden inside the NBA is a commodity that everybody would want. Why not Amazon? Why not Amazon? Why not Apple? They wanted to get into it. Why not Apple? They wanted to get into it. Why not YouTube? Why not X? Sure. X is in the game of doing it. Why not ESPN? Why not NBC? Literally anybody that has money has the chance. So congrats to them, the Golden Girls. That's what Jamal Cromwell, that's what Crosstrom said. Not me. Quote, unquote. Congrats to them. Let's do some more chit-chat about what the finals could look like. Go ahead, Conman. Yeah, Jamal, obviously the Boston Celtics already advanced with a sweep over the Pacers, and now they have this 10-day period where they're not playing basketball because the finals don't start until next Thursday. What's the deal with that? Do you think that they just kind of take a couple days off? Obviously, they're going to get Porzingis back, so the rest is needed, but is it tough for a basketball team to take that much time without playing against another team? Or right now are they just fine-tuning everything as they gear up for hopefully a championship? I think a little bit of everything, to be honest with you. I've always been with the – I hated being rusty. I hated that feeling. Like even over All-Star break, I would take no days off, and I would go to L.A. Fitness and start hooping there. And it wasn't the same competition level but it kept me in rhythm so for them I know they don't want to be rusty but on the other side of that they have to get Porzingis back if they want to go and do the things they want to do and he's such a big part of what they do not only his talent but I think he's brought a certain maturity level to their team as well so that rest is good for him I'm sure they'll take a couple days off to start and then they'll see how this series plays out. But they'll feel refreshed. You can always tell by game one if that rust was too much for them or if that rest was healthy for them. When game one of the finals starts, you'll have a great idea of how they're feeling. They're probably worried, right? Don't want to do too much because we are getting an advantage that we get to break a little bit but you know as a punter kicker throw that is a that is a muscle memory thing can't get too far off of that as well how much is too much what a balance that's like their maturity though helps them here i think right the boston celtics maturity helps them absolutely and i think the fact they've been in the finals before and then you got to give kudos to the derrick whites and the drew holiday those guys white came from the spurs holiday was a Bucs. He was a huge part of what they're doing. And I think they put the youth part of what the Boston had all before into perspective. Like, yo, this can go fast. You know, you guys are just in the finals. We didn't get back last year. Tatum Rose's ankle against Miami, the first play in Game 7. So, we got to take advantage of these opportunities. I think they got more mature when they got those guys as well. Well, Boston obviously showed a comeback ability against the Indiana Pacers that I hate, but they all seem to go the same way. Go ahead, Tone. Yeah, Jamal, I wanted to ask you, like, four out of four games between Wolves and Mavs have all come down to, like, the last few minutes, and then three out of four, you know, Pacers were basically leading, and then the Celtics came back. Is it just about like – Ten seconds. Yeah, ten seconds in game one for sure. And then they blew huge leads in game three or four. Is that like the last like three, four minutes, is that just all about the dogs? Is that like Tatum and Brown took over in that series, and then like Luka and Kyrie have been taking over in the last five minutes of that series. Is that what it's all about down there? Yeah, it's the closers because you can have schemes, you can have everything, but that's why the best players, that's why I would say stars are made in the playoffs or superstars are made in the playoffs. Like Kyrie and Luka not only want that moment, they embrace it. They want to turn the lights out. Like they want to show out at the biggest moments and they have a tendency to do that They don't even feel that pressure. They feel like, you know what, we're built for this. They already see the good things happening before they happen. So when your best players are that confident, it makes everybody else confident. Now if they don't have the shot, they throw it to you. You're shooting it with more confidence because you know they drew two people. You got more space. You're in rhythm. And that's what the cheat code is for the Mavs. They have two guys that can close Most teams only have one. So the hoops are bigger now. Guys are just better shooters. Why is a 20-point lead not real anymore? Because in the NFL, that happened. If you're up two scores in the NFL in the third quarter, like, all right, this one's about over. Now it's like 14-point swings happen in the NFL in half a quarter. It's not even a thing. Like, anybody's in it, you're never out of it. And obviously, it felt like the Pacers had the Celtics out of it numerous times. 18-point leads, 20-point leads, and then they're able to come back. Is basketball talent just better than ever? Shooting's better than ever? The hoops are bigger? What is it? It seems like the hoops are bigger, for sure. That's my thought. Thank I agree. I agree. But is it the talent? There's so many threes now. The pace they're playing at, so they're playing a lot faster. And the amount of threes they're shooting, the game is never really over. And, like, it gives everybody a chance. And that's why you're seeing every team being built with so much shooting and so much pace because an 18-point lead isn't what it used to be. That can be got back in eight possessions. You know, six threes, a couple of middies, a couple of lifts, you're back in the game. So the game is different in that respect. I would say skill from top to bottom, from like one to 12 is better. But I think in a way we sacrifice skill for will. I think now we're missing some of those that have that same mentality. Yeah, you talk about Anthony Edwards, it's infectious, and the conversation about the Minnesota Timberwolves is kind of one thing for a while. Now it seems to be different. Go ahead, Pac. Yeah, the Timberwolves had the best defense coming into this thing. Now it doesn't seem like they can do anything to stop the big two from Dallas. What is the difference between the defense? Is anybody playing defense right now, or is it they're tired? How can they stop the big two from Dallas? The thing about it, Peck, is the fact that their defense was perfect for Denver because they were funneling Murray into the hoop, and they were saying, okay, Joker, if you do get the ball on the pick and roll, you have to shoot. We know you like to pass, and they took out the lob threat to Aaron Gordon. The difference with this one is Luka and Kyrie thrive in the mid-range. So if we're playing one-on-one and somebody comes and sets a pick and the big is all the way in the back, it allows the guard to stay in rhythm. So even if he misses three threes in a row, he's going to get that easy 15-foot shot that can keep you honest and keep him in rhythm. And when that happens, then the big comes up a little bit more. Now we've got the two-on-one still. So their defense is actually tailor-made for the Mavs to get off, for Kyrie and for Luka to get off. And that's why they're still so successful. Hey, there's some game there. I feel like I was just watching Mindy game. I need a clip to kind of as well, for sure. The Crosstradamus? No. Crosstradamus with a little remix. I think you'll like it. I'll give you an early view on it. Oh, can't wait. Make me smarter? I love that. Everybody calls me a big, dumb dipshit, you know, but if I get smarter, now we're playing the game. Hey, Angel Hernandez, you know gets uh kind of forced into a retirement in baseball uh in the middle of the season hey bud yeah you suck at calling strikes and balls we can't have you doing this he's been around forever i heard there was a chance scott foster tiny brothers were like well that's baseball right that's not the nba ty has a question for you yeah jamal what have you thought about the officiating thus far not so much in the eastern conference finals because you know i mean i think people just kind of assumed that that was more so the Pacers kind of just collapsing than anything the officials did. But with everything that's been going on with Minnesota, like, Cat's been in foul trouble. Gobert has been. Last night, Ann Edwards was. And I know that Stan Van Gundy and Reggie Miller were kind of getting on Cat because he's picking up so many stupid fouls 25 feet away from the basket. And then when he has to contest and he picks up fouls, he's having to sit for prolonged stretches. Do you think that's more so Minnesota's just kind of playoff inexperience, or do you think that the officials have been calling this pretty tight and not really letting them play? I think it's a little bit of both, to be honest with you. I think to to Reggie and Stan's point, you can't, if you're capped, right, and you know it's going to be a physical game, you know they need you on the court, more importantly, you can't pick up fouls 30 feet away from the court. Like, it had no impact on the game. The only impact it had was you possibly having to go to the bench sooner. And then the officiating is different from the regular season to the playoffs this is a playoff basketball possession right let's say we're in the summer we're going to 15 and it's 14 14 and that last possession is like it's physical it's gonna basically have to be blood for a foul that's how playoff every single possession the playoffs should feel like that so it's a little bit of a of an adjustment for players for refs as well because they're calling everything in the regular season and that's why guys get to the free throw line 10 12 times a game but in the playoffs they're like nah you got to figure it out and so that's where i think sometimes the consumer viewers can get a little bit frustrated but the playoffs it should be hard it should be lower scoring games it should be more physical but they have to be consistent with that it's an imperfect job i try to ref the phoenix suns my last year and I wanted to tell all the players to go to hell because they were all complaining. So I understand it's not perfect, but we want to see consistency. Yeah. How about Scott Foster, Tony Brothers? Is there another 10, 15 years running the courts, or what do you think? As long as they want. But I'm of the belief as well, like, if you give yourself to the game or to a sport or to something for 15 years, you should be able to go out. As long as you can still do it at a high level, you should be able to go out kind of when you want to. Yeah, I enjoy the moxie from Brothers, Tony Brothers. He talked shit to me when I was at the Pacers game. He's about it. Hey, Pat, you're going to definitely get tweeted for NBA wrestling. I just want to let you know that. It's definitely coming up shake emoji on uh on last week's uh conversation they did handshake emoji between us which i was appreciative and i i didn't mind the officials being like hey why don't you take it east you know i don't mind that well now granted it's gonna have to bat at least above 70 percent though if that's gonna be the case because all we're trying to do is journalism that's right we're just trying to cover things you know we're trying to talk about what we see. Now, do we know shit about fuck about basketball? No. No, no. We don't. We don't, really. But I'll tell you what. When I see a call that's seemingly bullshit, and all the smart people in basketball are saying it's bullshit, it's going to be hard not to say it. But whenever you guys make good calls, we'll also make sure we show that Thank you, refs. Thank you, the refs. Stern. But fair. That's all. Last question here, Jamal, from Conman. Yeah, Jamal, you said the Celtics are going to be watching the finals, of course. Do you think they're leaning towards which team they want to play? Do they match up better with the T-Wolves? Is it better with the Mavs because of the fact that they have Drew Holiday and Derek White? What do you thinking of as they watch this Western Conference final? I don't think they necessarily care just how they play, but I think it would be more interesting maybe with Kyrie coming back to Boston, that whole thing, and Kyrie playing in Boston. I think that would be more fun personally for them. Internally, I think. Just like, you know, the guys that had history with them, they don't really care. They're going to say they don't care, but I think playing against Kyrie, I think playing against Kyrie, I think that'd be fun for sure. All right, Jamal, we appreciate the hell out of you, man. What are you doing next? Where can we find you? Where can we see you? Well, next, I'm just chilling, man. I'm going to do the finals. I'm going to be on site in the finals there, and I may do an all-cast depending on how the series plays out, but I'll be I'm right now. I'm right there, too. So that just hit yesterday. So I'm there. You're writing. Yeah. So I'm doing question and answer from around the world. So NBA.com. I just did that. So that's out today. Are you a writer by trait? Do you enjoy writing notes section loaded on your phone or are you just kind of voice? No, I love reading. I love writing. I love learning about different things. So, yeah, absolutely. I love engaging with people as well. I enjoy writing as well. A couple times... What are you writing? I don't know. I got like four movie ideas in here, like three books in here, about two stand-up sets in here, 15 songs in here. I mean, there's... My notes section is deep. I got a lot of time on planes, you know? And that doesn't always work because we're in an airplane. Of course. But, yeah, I mean, we're talking notes section. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we got a lot of ideas. Yeah, yeah. We got a lot of ideas. Yeah, we got a lot of ideas. All right, NBA.com. We can go see theylie kelsey beating the shit out of an old white lady oh wonder in a beach town uh from the looks of it that's right yesterday on the internet the world saw it i did see a reporter tweet this like two nights ago he said when this video comes out just know that kylie is a dog something. Yeah, there was allegedly a lady who walked up to Jason Kelsey and Kylie Kelsey and said, hey, can I get a picture with you as they were heading to dinner? They said, no, no, sorry. Sorry, we're heading to dinner right now. We don't wanna necessarily do that. Then the lady throws a full on fit and Kylie who might be six foot ten decides to say, you know what? No, lady. You're not punking me around. Here's the footage. I don't give a fuck who you are. You'll never be allowed in this town. You'll never be allowed in this town again. Don't be alcohol in your breath. You're embarrassing yourself. You have alcohol in your breath. You're embarrassing yourself. Telling Kylie Kelsey that she will never be welcome in that town again because Then also saying, I don't even know who you are after asking for a photo. Classic, basic, white bitch shit right there. I mean, that is just right down the pipe of everything you could expect. But this is the world now that Jason Kelsey is in. He's in the biggest podcast on earth. His brother's dating the biggest star on earth. Jason Kelsey is now a part of Monday Night Countdown for Monday Night Football. Everybody's pumped to hear him speak and see him. And Kylie's become a superstar. She's a fashion show. She's got a lot of influencers that want to be friends with her because they hear how cool she is. This is the new world they're going to be living in. And I'm happy it's them. Because normally the famous person is considered an asshole in this situation. Instead, I didn't see one person say, Kylie shouldn't have done it. Everybody said, wow, Kylie could have bodied that lady. And that is kind of how we all felt about it. So shout out to the Kelseys. Football family. Football family through and through right there. That's right. And they're setting the tone. Okay, so now the next person that might be a little pissed off that Kylie Kelsey or Jason are in a hurry to get somewhere because usually that's how it goes. They know, like, hey, if they say no, don't follow anything up. Because if you saw what happened, Kylie Kelsey actually could have picked up that lady and threw her probably into Seattle City. How about her saying, I can smell alcohol in your breath. Yeah, booze in your breath. You're embarrassing yourself. Yeah, I'm disappointed in you. Yeah, wasn't I mad? No, no, just bawdy in that lady. I don't know who you are. I just asked for a photo. I don't know who you are. I love that. Well, and then today, too, like, anyone that knows that lady, like, she's just the biggest asshole in town, you know? They know that, though. Well, right, right. But even anyone who was. That's not breaking news for that lady's friends or kids or husbands. Definitely not. But when you get put on, like, blast publicly like that, like, she's done. Her life's over. I do like the husbands. We're just staying out of it. Yeah, Jason was just kind of mean. You could tell by how far away he was. And she's an absolute dog. Husband went in and got in the middle. Hers, we assume. We don't know who that pretend. Whoever's going to sign up to stare down that pit bull of a lady who's ignorant. I couldn't even imagine the arrogance this lady shows on a day-to-day. Couldn't even imagine the things she expects out of everybody in her life. And then this guy getting a good shot of it. We appreciate it. But we would have liked to see the beginning where Kylie decides to stop, turn. Okay, I'll do this if this is what you want to do. Because, you know, a lot of people, especially that are as famous as they are right now, have a full PR team that briefs them on how to act in these interactions. Here's what you can say. Here's what you don't say. Never get in the face of anybody because optically it would look terrible. Kylie and Jason haven't even got to that stage of fame yet where they have people telling them how they should act, and they're just like, nah, this bitch ain't talking to us like this. And they handle it. Shout out to the Kelsey's. Continuing to crush it. Travis had those weird pants on. I liked it. He's super high fashion. Yeah, he looks sweet. He did look sweet. With the slits in them, those look sweet. Yeah, you didn't think they were airy, you know, because it gets hot down in Dallas. I didn't see where they chapped. It was... They're like assless chaps, but all over the legs, if that makes sense ballless chaps? No, look, look, look. You can see his knees. Oh. I see personally as a guy who runs hot, like this is brilliant. Yeah. This is really good. Those are not see-through though. What's that? I can see his knees. What do you mean? No, but he's got something up under. No, you see his nutsack right there. Hold on. tip of his penis coming out the bottom? No, I don't think he would do that. He's in a relationship. Not everybody's going to see his penis. Yeah, exactly. This is what you do when you become a massive superstar. You wear shit like this and it's awesome. No, he's been dressing like this forever. Travis has been a fashion... Whenever we were at the L.A. Rams Kansas City Chiefs Monday Night Football game, the one that would go on to become the 50-50 game or whatever it was. He had, like, pink shoelaces on his cleats during warm-ups. And then what he wore, that was literally my first interaction with him in person. We had chatted on the Internet, I think, a couple times. But literally, I was standing on his sideline. I was like, that's sweet. And he was like, had to do something for him Monday night. You know, Travis, classic Travis Kelsey. He Travis, classic. Travis, Kelsey, and Fuller. He's always been a fashion guy, but obviously now anywhere he goes, he's going to get photographed. He looks cool with those. I personally like the shirt. I want to know the significance of the shirt and the apple. I just want shirts now with fruit on them. I want a banana shirt. I want an apple. I want a pear. I want a watermelon. I think the shirt is the big winner. Yeah. The shirt is the big winner. Yeah. What if this is a new brand? Just fruit shirts. That'd be sweet. Fruit of the Loons shirt. Fruit of the Loons would be so mad. Is that Hollywood? Yeah, that's Hollywood. And that's Patrick? Hulk Hogan. And then I saw the photo. That is not Hulk Hogan on the right there. And then I saw a photo in the back of Rasheed Rice was there. Oh. So my immediate thoughts were, damn, he's still in Dallas. We need him to get out of Dallas. But also, follow up, he's with his teammates, though. Sure. So that's good news. You know, that's good news as well. Also doing some community work in Dallas. I saw, I think yesterday on my timeline, passing out food and drinks. I like that. Do that later. Get the fuck out of that city. You know what? Rasheed needs Get the hell out of that city, dude. KC. He's a great football player. Yeah. Unbelievable. Literally, possibilities are endless with that guy. I mean, that run. He had that six-week run where he was the guy. Like, Kelsey had an injury or whatever, and Rasheed Rice was going for 120 a game. Let's talk about Kaitlin Clark. Obviously, incredible. Travis Kelsey. Go ahead and put that up. There was a little info on Travis Kelsey wears a Namias Reisinger Apple T-shirt, $250. Okay. Okay. All of a sudden, we don't like that shirt. Yeah. We're not going to wear that shirt. We love that he's wearing it, but we would not. We could make that shirt on pink. Yeah, but it wouldn't be as comfortable. It wouldn't look nearly as cool because it's not on Travis Kelsey. Here in Preston, Razor Cut Jeans. Those are $ links necklace 1190 a monogram craggy bracelet 630 to the hell yeah traff killing it bud keep killing the game good fit it's good fit he just got paid again just got paid again uh speaking of getting paid caitlin clark is going to get paid big time she has figured out the wmba now she'll have a couple turnovers okay she'll have a couple situations she went for 30 last night and it's only going to continue to go up and up and up feels Feels like her team's starting to understand how we utilize Kaitlyn Clark. Does her coach know, though? Let's go to somebody that was at the game, Conman. What are your original takeaways from the game last night against the Spark, and what are your thoughts on where the Fever sit right now? I mean, I think they're in a good spot. It seems as though last year the team obviously was built on offense around Aaliyah Boston. Like, hey, this is our girl. She is our breadwinner. And now the team changes. She wins the Rookie of the Year last year, you know, and now Kaitlyn Clark comes in and she's introduced last. She is clearly the star. And their kind of scheme, it feels like, changes. Like, it is more running gun. It should be. It's Kaitlyn Clark, and she's scoring 30 points kind of easily. I scoring 30 points kind of easily. I think she had 15 at the half, and she was playing fantastic. L.A. has some dogs down low, so they were very tough to score on as far as when it came to Aaliyah Boston. And I hate to do this once again, but basically three minutes into the game, Aaliyah Boston, two fouls. Okay, see you later. Get the hell out of here. Kaitlyn Clark got teed up again for basically being pissed about a bad call. And then the LA Sparks, one of their girls goes down. They don't blow the whistle dead. This girl almost gets stepped on. Kaitlyn Clark's like, hey, look out for her. She's underneath the net. Obviously, after a foul on the fever by Kaitlyn Clark that was basically like, hey, protect this girl. You could hear Kaitlyn Clark saying to the ref, hey, you need to protect her. She's underneath the rim. Their team has the ball. Stop the game. She's clearly in a lot of pain. That girl gets up and reams out the ref, doesn't get teed up. So there is this weird. They want to set the tone with Kaitlyn. It's this weird feeling that the WNBA feels, and not the other girls, although they were face guarding her. They are treating her as if... In between foul shots. She doesn't even remember that she has another shot. Oh, shit, I got to get Kaitlyn Clark 22. No, no, you got to shoot another foul shot, lady. Yeah, and the reason that she didn't realize that she has another free throw is because they teed up Kaitlyn Clark for nothing, and that's why she had to take another one. But, again because it does feel as though they're finding their groove it was awesome to watch her hit those logo threes feel almost more comfortable shooting from anywhere on the court. Like, I think the clip already ran, but she had a sweet swat and then passed the ball, run down the court, right back, three. Like, it was incredible basketball. But the refs, like, I don't understand. At one point, Kaitlyn Clark gets called for a foul. She's kind of pissed off because it was a little bit of a touch foul. Bang. Bucket. And then the ref before reporting the foul to the middle bench bar, whatever, those refs over there, she's just staring at Kaitlyn Clark, basically waiting for her to say something else to tear her up. But the Fever are going to figure it out. They're going to be just fine. It does feel like they're hitting their rhythm. They're finding out who they are, their identity, if you will. And the LA Sparks are just a good basketball team. Yep, the LA Sparks are good basketball. I think they're the only team that Fever have beat this year. That is correct. But 1-7, we're going to keep it going. Fever are going to find their way. No doubt about it. All the T's you're saying are not an anger management problem? No, I don an anger management problem at all. Someone's got to ask at some point. Competitive people with refs normally going to showcase some anger every once in a while. Kaitlyn has been doing this since we've seen Kaitlyn Clark play basketball. She's certainly a little fiery. She's got questions. She's got eyes. And she knows if you're crap or not. And it feels like there's a chance. And I know we just went through the whole song and dance with the officials. Exactly. Some of them are crap. For sure. We do need to protect the ball. No doubt. There are times where, and that is something that feels as though in the WNBA, they know where you're going. If you're driving to the hoop and jumping and looking to pass, they know where you're trying to go. How's Coach Sides doing? Things are good? Coach Sides is good. I mean, look, we're down 13, 14 points with four minutes. Look, you can talk shit. I'm going to the game, so I don't want to hear it. 14 points, 14, 15 points, and then they make this incredible. Connor was boots on the ground last night. That's fine, but you can also watch it and, like, understand that everything that's going on right now with how much expectations are around this team, and, like, she takes a timeout and takes Kait Caitlin Clark out and then there's a 10 point swing and they're down 5 when she's on the bench and she's plus 4 and then in the last game plus whatever if they don't start winning they will shit can this lady. I'm not disagreeing with that. That is a matter of fact in professional sports. He's watching the game unfold live in person and feeling the energy. They're down 15 timeout. They come in. They go on a run. They're down by six. Then the Sparks call a timeout. Then they hit a couple shots. Number 10 on the Sparks hit three straight threes. That's just good basketball. Quick shots. Wasn't Rebecca Lobo number 10? No. We're trying to... You can't do that. What's the point? What's the point? We're trying to cover the W. Now, granted, people are attacking us for following the W because we're brand new fans. Did you see all the hubbub about how Caitlyn's being treated and being talked about? That became the story of the WNBA is all the other people in WNBA saying, we don't hate Caitlyn. That became the story. Then it became, well, because there's pettiness. Charles Barkley came out and was talking about the pettiness that was potentially happening, how everybody's anti- Kaitlin all of a sudden, and Angel Reese, who's dominating. Angel Reese is having a hell of a rookie campaign. She had a tweet, and then she took that tweet down. I think it's all kind of finding its balance right now. I think it's all kind of finding its balance right now. We're in a new world with the W. And Kaitlyn, I think, is becoming who we all thought she would be, even though the first few games were certainly not great. She's going to score 40 within the next three games. I mean, that is just go ahead and bulk it. And I think Kaitlyn Clark's mentality is going to lead her to have success. But everybody else is going to have to join in as well. for a league that happened before I was born. Ladies and gentlemen, joining us now with more information, MLB insider for Yahoo Sports. He's an analyst on Apple TV. Hey, how you doing? Keep it moving. Apple TV's on live sports. We like that. And then also the MLB Network. Ladies and gentlemen, Russell Dorsey. Hey, Russell. How you doing, Russ? What's going on, guys? How we feeling? Good. Can I call you Russ Russell? Full name? You know, like Pat, Patrick, Matt, Matthew. Are you Russ is good? Russ is good. I know my mom's watching and she's cool with both. Okay. Shout out Mama Dorsey. Russ is killing it, obviously in life and on the program. So there was a league that was all black players named? The Negro Leagues. Okay, so just so we get I'm allowed to say,? Am I? Are we? How does this go? You're good, dog. That's what he said. That's what Derry said. That's what Pac-Man said. That's what Dirty said. You never double-check enough. Yeah, just want to make sure. Just want to make sure. Because once it goes, you know, it's gone forever Okay. The Negro Leagues are now officially a part of the MLB stats. And what we are learning is that the greatest baseball player of all time is from Pittsburgh, from the Homestead Grays, Josh Gibson. Is this how we need to start talking? And how do we get to this point? Russ, I know you've been covering it in-depthly over the last, what, couple months? How long has this kind of been coming to fruition? This is something that I've been working on for the last week and a half, two weeks. Kind of you knew this was going on. And I think what needs to happen, everybody needs to take a deep breath. Because I think there's a lot on both sides of, oh my gosh, this is the greatest thing that ever happened. There's a lot of people like, no, this is the worst thing that ever happened. A lot of false equivalency of, you got to take each of your stats from Japan. Everybody calm down. I think it's an important day in the history of baseball. And when I say the history of baseball, I don't just mean major league baseball. And something that I've said for the last couple of days, the last 24 hours, is you can't tell the story of baseball without the Negro Leagues. And now you can continue to tell a more complete, broader picture of the game. And so what has happened is Negro League statistics from 1920 to 1948 are now officially integrated into MLB's database. And there was the Negro League Statistical Review Committee, which was historians, Negro League experts, people from Elias, the people from Retro Sheet and Seamheads, all these databases that had various Negro League statistics from years past and box scores. You had journalists on the committee. You had former players that have tried to figure out, think of it as a thousand piece puzzle. And you're trying to take a box score from 1925 with clippings from newspapers from 1930 and put them together to say, OK, we have a guy like Josh Gibson, who is now the single-season record holder in batting average, slugging percentage, and OPS. Slugging percentage and OPS were held by Barry Bonds, and the batting average record was held by a guy named Hugh Duffy in 1894. Okay, so this isn't the 100-point game situation. No. They have tape? I think so. I saw some pictures. I didn't see tape. Because he was just saying it was a thousand piece puzzle to go from score to newspaper headlines also being accounted into this and other stuff. How come none of that's around with the 100 point game? Why is it just that one photo? That's a different sport. We don't want to have to dive into it. But if you're talking about historical stats being brought into real time, that is certainly one that's always going to be chatted about. But now, the Negro Leagues players were always allowed into the MLB Hall of Fame, though? So that was kind of always a part of it, or is it the Baseball Hall of Fame? Baseball Hall of Fame. So I think what's really important here for people that are wondering, well, how can this happen? How can you take the Negro Leagues that was its own entity, and all of a sudden it is given Major League status? So in 2020, Major League Baseball announced that the Negro Leagues will be given Major League status. And I think a lot of people were concerned by that in the sense of, oh, well, now you're just like whitewashing history. And I think it's important to note in 1969, you had the special baseball review committee that said, all right, let's look at all the leagues that has made up baseball. So you had the union association in the late 1800s, the players league, the federal league, the American association in 1969, that committee said, okay, all of these leagues will be given major league status they also said that no special asterisk or no special grouping will be given that's why you had a guy like Hugh Duffy who was the single season record holder in batting average even though he played in the players league and the federal league and the American association so for all those people saying well how can you do this how can Josh Gibson shoot up the leaderboards? Well, it had already happened. Nobody realized it, though. And so this is something where the new committee, the Negro League Statistical Review Committee, says, well, that committee said that there will be no special asterisks. So you can't all of a sudden say, no, we need to have a special asterisk over here now that the Negro League statistics are integrated. Okay. So we're taking the asterisks out, and we're saying no. No asterisks. We don't want any of those asterisks whenever we're talking about the history of baseball. And now we have the main stat database adding a league that, from the way you're talking about it, has always been considered incredibly important to the development of the sport and to the MLB. Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, Russell, I know the MLB has always done stuff to kind of highlight pieces of the Negro Leagues, and we know certain players and everything like that. See, he's allowed to just say that, huh? That's me just seeing him say it there. I didn't see me say it, but I just saw it happen right there. It's a name. It's a name. I just got uncomfortable for him. As it was coming out of his mouth, I'm like, whoa. It's not the other way around. You're good. A lot of Negro League jerseys I gotta go buy. Me too. That's kind of been the only thing the MLB has done. They have the throwback jerseys and obviously there's the Hall of Fame and all that kind of stuff. Are they planning to do anything more to highlight all these people who most people have never heard of so this in you know three months from now it's not just like oh we already did the thing with the negro leagues where we you know we let their stats be known but where they kind of just like put a pin in it and then say they're done with it like is there any plans in the future to kind of highlight more of this stuff or not really well you have to right i think when you look at what people are concerned about by the other part of this conversation is you don't want this to be hey here's the good parts about the negro leagues all right bye like this has to be something where you explain hey this was a league that was very important to baseball's history. They had to be separate because we did not allow them at a time in our country's history where, you know, black players were not allowed to play baseball. You have to throw them and you don't just hide behind. Oh, well, they're part of Major League historical record now. a part of major league historical record now like you have to get out in front of it and say hey this was a time in our history where black players were not allowed to play major league baseball and we have to stand by that and we're trying to right this wrong and say no they should have been part of that 1969 uh committee where all these other leagues where all these other players are now shooting up leaderboards and are part of you know in the hall of fame that played in 1894 1895 1880 those guys got considered as major league status and so the negro leagues will now be part of uh league baseball's historical record and so you can't hide you can't hide from because there are a lot of people out there that are going to say hey are are you hiding from your history you You have to tell the complete history. You can't just tell the good parts about it. You have to tell the whole story. Yeah, and I'm excited to learn more. And I'm definitely getting a Homestead Gray shirt for sure. And whenever they have the Josh Gibson bobble bat night, I'll be there for that as well. Guy could swing some good wood. Guy could swing some good wood. Guy could swing some good wood. Not only in the Negro leagues, which every time it comes out of my mouth I feel like it's my last words on television. But also, if he had a chance in the MLB and if he would have got that brain surgery, there's a chance. You know, who knows goes forward. Hey, we can't thank you enough for your work, brother. Nice meeting you. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it. Ladies and gentlemen, Russell Dorsey. Yay, Russ! Came out of your mouth. I was watching. I thought you were dead. It was like when Reese was like, they have these Lank shirts. And I'm like, duh, Reese. Reese? That's how I felt with you there. But I guess that's on us. Yeah, I mean, there's no other name for it. That is the name. That's how everyone, like, there Like you said, you didn't name it. I didn't name it. We're just trying to shine some light on it. Now, and to be clear, we didn't make the rules either. No, no, of course not. We didn't all make the rules. Not alive. I was dead. Very dead. Not alive. Are you dead if you weren't? No. No, because you've got to be air to be dead. There were some milligrams. We're not even getting into that. You just threw yourself right into a middle of a massive conversation. When does it start? That is a whole... There were some milligrams in a state that was legal the other day. Truman Show was on. And then Sims is making a return. You know? Yep. And my algorithm just could sense what was going on. And it just fed me this physicist doctor that was like, 51% chance we're in the middle of a simulation right now. I'm like, I'm too high for this. But what is all? What is everything? You can't get too deep into that, though, because once you start doing it, you're like, well, what am I? Where is sports? Is there a game on? Is there a game on? It's crazy. Shout out to the... That's a big move, though. It feels like. And Josh Gibson, Pittsburgh legend. Greatest of all time. Now, Paul Skeen's on the mound on his birthday. He's about to strike out everybody. Greatest pitcher of all time. Uh-oh. Pittsburgh is baseball town all of a sudden. Oh, my God. Strikes everybody out. 21 strikeouts? Oh, my God. Hopefully, they'll pull him. Hour 2 will be on the other side. P.K. Saban and more without further ado ladies and gentlemen the commissioner of the nfl don't listen to them roger i appreciate it thank you so much for joining us you're our commissioner don't worry about these bombs from us to you we'd like to give you a gift that we know you're a big fan of. Ladies and gentlemen, some peanut M&Ms for our commission. This is where I'm set? Yep. You can take these with you. You can take them home. I got a gift for you. What? Oh. You ready? Yeah, I like that. With the 222nd pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. Oh, yeah. The Indianapolis Colts select Pat McAfee. Hunter, West Virginia. How you doing? How you doing? Come on in, baby. Good pick. Good pick. I'll pick him up. Thank you, Rog. I'm not going to pick you up because you got that back. That's all right. Yeah, yeah. I got it. There's your card, baby. That's real. That's awesome. You had it in your back pocket this whole time? This is cool, thank you for this. So whenever we say that you have to answer to 31 billionaires, how accurate is that? 32, well you're not counting Green Bay? Yeah. Okay. Doesn't count. Big pop! There's a Green Bay Packers kid! I didn't know you did! No, no, that was... I don't actually think that way. I actually think I answer to them. I think I answer to the media partners. I think I answer the players. I think I answer the owners too. The idea for me is to try to keep everyone happy. I always say that my biggest job is not to piss off more than 24 owners in a given day. How did you know the draft would be awesome if you traveled it? And did you see this happen? I'd be kidding you if I thought it was going to be as big as it is. We felt like we could be bigger than we were in Radio City. But what happened is Radio City actually put a holiday show in and said, you can't have the draft until June. And that's when we said, we're out of here. So they kicked you out. That's when it went on the road. Taylor Swift, we know. That's a different kind of influence. How about, hey can't. You can't. You can't boo. Yeah, you're going to be a part of an album. Do it. Get a little louder. She is going to cook you. A lot of the internet was saying, Roger Goodell is sitting at home. Through the mirror. About this. Well, they thought it was part of the script. Yes. That's what another bye week or are we good at 17 right now well i i think we're good at 17 now but listen we're looking at how we continue i'm not a fan of the preseason i don't think we need waste of time right and energy i don't buy it and i don't think these guys like it either well that's a full spend full price for the tickets for those kids no they're actually discounted now so thank you for doing i'd rather replace the preseason game of the records than any day that's just picking quality right if we got to 18 and 2 that's not an unreasonable thing and the other thing it does which i thought you were going to is that ends up on president's day weekend which is a three-day weekend which makes the sunday night and then you have monday off so that's wow now we're cooking now we're cooking the following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, you pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! your friend tell your friend something nice to change their life hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode the Thunderdome on this word a new world Wednesday, May 29, 2024, Out to the Program starts now! Sports! Are great because they have championships and they have a unification ability that nothing else has, and we are currently joined by Lord Stanley Cup here. That's real deal Holyfield right there. That's the actual Stanley Cup that has been obviously binged, drank out of, partied. I couldn't even imagine how many naked bodies have been straddled around this thing. And it is a dream come true to have it this close to our program. Cannot lift it. Cannot hoist it. Cannot drink out of it. No. I haven't thought about touching it. Okay. It's bad luck. No, it's not. For the Peng Mira just told me Mira is the first ever woman Keeper of the Cup From Toronto She's been around for like 20 years with the NHL She said That's good luck actually She said it's good luck It's literally going through my soul D-Bud, Scumpy and Bruce Should probably all Go on boys Good luck You guys think you matter that much. That's cute. Yep. This is back whenever one half of the hammer died. Cowboys 10 dig started. He was wearing one shirt. The Steelers are going to win. You remember that? They were undefeated. They were 11-0, brother, until Foxy hopped on board. They were undefeated. That's true. I just bought a new Panthers jersey. Want to know which one it was? Did I watch your last game? Which one? Sam Reinhardt. Oh. Reino. And what happened? He scored that game. He scored this game. That's nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler, big Florida Panthers fan. 12-year NFL vet, Pac-Man Jones is here. Very cool. That's a cool fit today. Like, can I get from one point to the end? Oh, like a little maze. Maybe if you pick one of those gummies that you was talking about in that state, you probably can get through it. Yeah, I think we can find a way. On the back of a cereal box, if they have one of those map things, it's like, I'm going to find it. Because they set you up with, like, a little half wall, and you want to go this way? It's like, no, I don't, bitch. I know what you're trying to do. A maze? Yeah, one of those things. Yeah. Those are the best on the box. Is it considered a puzzle as well? I beat one the other day. It was awesome. Back of a cereal box? No, it was on a kid's menu. Those ones are nice. Crayon? McDonald's? No, local restaurant here. Which color? Red Lobster's dead. That's why I wasn't sure if Tony was going to say his goodbyes. Red Lobster's so dead. Think about that. Not the only one. Seafood restaurants in the middle of the country. Hardee's? Seafood restaurants do just fine. What are you talking about? It's freshly shipped in every day and fresh catch where it can be fresh caught. Red Lobster? That's the talks at the table at Ty Schmidt and at Boston Connor. table at Ty Schmidt at Boston Connor you don't act like you predicted red lobsters downfall no no no I did not you think you're like a seafood in the middle of the country what do you think I wouldn't order seafood in the middle of country I order a lot of beef out here okay I'll still eat meat went to Boston a couple weekends ago got seafood so good so you're not be where your feet are so you've lived here now for eight years seven years years? Yeah. You don't have seafood out here ever? I have sushi, which, you know, is kind of against my point. Oh, so the rawest fish. Yeah. Send it over. Yeah. Kind of against my point. At Boston Corner is here as well. He's being honest. I don't really eat fish out here either. I just do it when I go home or if, like, we're up in chicago or on one of the coasts i don't really get fish to begin with like not a big fish guy but if modern technology can't figure out fish in indiana yeah we're we got much bigger problems right don't we i had a bad experience i think it's probably why back in uh 2020 after covid there is a new restaurant on mass ave that uh actually i went to with nick oh yeah and uh boy oh, the fish they were serving was, it was something. I don't know if it was fish, but it was something. And you shit your pants. Was that that one? Oh, my God. Oh, no, that was a couple years after. That was a taco joint. That was last February. I had some problems this morning. I think I had a little food poisoning last night. Last 10 minutes of the last hour, I'm going to shit my pants up here. We're talking about the Negro Leagues, so I'm almost shitting my pants already. And then I'm actually almost shitting my pants in real life. Things like that need to happen, though, just to remind yourself, you still got it. So during that break, I was certainly howling in a toilet or whatever, but those things need to happen, especially one week... Yeah wipes he's been a tag team partner throughout all of this morning i actually came out crying earlier the boys saw me yeah dripping when you came in for shoot full sweat came into the office we knew like what's going on yeah i was a little pale this morning when i came in and toned dig said hey you just gotta get that out of you buddy he's gotta go in there and get that thing and i did first time i've done that in a long time. And, boy, I was sweating. You know, the eyes fully bloodshot. Had drips of sweat come off my arms. Like, that's how serious it was in there. But I felt so much better afterwards until about 30 minutes into the program that I had to let it go. I think we completely beat it. Okay. Let's go. Do you have Pizza Hut? Pizza Hut? No. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What was that? No. Well, on the internet, they're saying that Domino's is way better than Pizza Hut, so I was just making sure that... Just had Domino's the other night. It doesn't hold a fucking candle to Pizza Hut. Never do. Let's just get that straight. Domino's is pretty good, I will say. I'm not against Domino's at all,style pizza, obviously, in Pittsburgh that I would put above anything else. And I'm sure there's other local pizza places that Paisanos have put together, and it's great pizza. We're just talking chain available everywhere. Pizza Hut is going to be the most consistently great for your buck is how we feel. Foxy, though, who grew up eating what pizza? Did you? Little Caesars, of course. Okay. Hot and ready. $5 in and out the door. It's the best pizza you can get. Take his chips. College. When we were in college, Little Caesars had a run. For me, probably like elementary school. Oh, Jesus. Middle school. Yeah, when your taste buds didn't even have them. Yeah, crazy right now. No. Yeah. Don't forget about crazy. Joining us now is a man from Ohio. I think there's a lot of Italians in Ohio, so I assume the pizza is delicious over there. This man's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup winner, and the current president of Ohio, A.J. Hawk. A.J., I know you love adversity. Me, one. Whatever the hell I ate, zero. Got it all out of me this morning. You think it's all gone? Like, truly gone? the last stop it did feel like i had broken free wait were you sweaty because you were about to puke or dump which just got done puking yeah just got done puking had to get it out of there because wow the dumps was trying to get it all out of there but you can only uh get so much out there you know with the way the human body is constructed and i don't like going in and sending the divers in you know that ain't that ain't my gig i don't like that at all. But it was getting bad. I thought I maybe wasn't going to be able to do program today with how shitty I felt. And Tony looked at me and was like, you just got to do it. Listen. Wow. Shove your fingers down your throat. Hold it. And get it done with. And I did right in that room right over there. And it worked. It did. But you're dude dripping sweat like like when you come down from a flight that was that was really bumpy like that kind of feeling yes that is your mo i had one of those the other night i don't know if you heard going into savannah i was oh yeah out of seat onto armrest oh put your seatbelt on okay well maybe miss the turbulence yeah yeah well fly higher huh okay how about that i'll do the control completely like that tone but you know We're at 41,000 feet. We're way up there. It's 45. That was actually the first thing I was looking at. How the hell are we hitting any turbulence? They're supposed to be too thin. Are these planes flat? That's why I fly on these planes. Exactly. I see 41,000. Oh, my. Oh, my God. you were because sometimes those aren't on yeah you're well normal broken screen will get you because you don't you're literally in a time capsule for how long how long do i have until the end of this flight it could be anything could be two hours could be 10 hours who knows could be stuck in here for the rest of your life what happened to that malaysian plane oh there's some what did happen i've watched that doc on it yeah there's some weird that doc what did happen that goes to the other dimension type thing. Well, the New York Post just posted something about two... Oh, yeah. You saw the recent video? Oh, really? Yeah. What did they post? We got new aliens? New aliens are here? Two of them. Two of them. They're invisibility. Poking devices. They became invisible on a camera. And the veteran investigators say, I don't know what the fuck's going on here. I'll need a little bit more help. And to be clear, when you watch the video, it is not very clear. Is it ever? Not at all. Which might be part of their whole thing. Hey, when we go there, we just have to make sure that we have the technology where it's super blurry. Yeah, you can't see us. Super blurry faces. That would make more sense. But anyway, just keep an eye out stuff because there's a lot to dive into yeah there's a lot i don't know if you heard that at the end of the last hour where i talked about being a little bit watching truman showing and sims coming out and i'm looking up and all of a sudden really what does that mean for me what does that mean after me and it's like got a daughter don't need to yeah let's just get back yeah there's too much you can get into there aj a little bit too much in between the years let it go let it go just Let it go. Just let it go when it gets to that point. Yeah, especially with the way I think. Because I'll be like, yeah, let's get to the bottom of this, actually. And then five, six hours later, and all of a sudden, I'm that guy from the movie Conspiracy Theorist. And it's like, we need to have new Einstein on. Who's that? Terrence Howard. Terrence Howard. Yeah. I Oh, okay. AJ, did you hear the news about the baseball league back in the day? What was the name of that league? I'm not sure, actually. I caught the majority of the first hour, but I do not know exactly what the league was you were speaking of. Is that right? You don't remember? You don't know the name? You guys didn't talk about it? Bob Gibson was an unbelievable player back in the day. Josh! Jesus Christ. You piece The guy doesn't even know the name of the league, first of all. Bob Gibson was a player as well. He was. If you had to guess the name of the league, what do you think it would be? It's right there on the bottom of the screen. You can read it. The Major League. It's always been Major League Baseball, right? Yeah, since we've been alive. But before we were alive, there was other leagues. Do you remember the name of the league that Josh Gibson played in? Do you remember that? I honestly do not recall. I was hoping you or Ty could remind me. It's literally right there. It is on. My screen cuts off. I don't even see the scroller thing anyway. What's going on over there? Can we get him? Can we make sure tech-wise he has the entire thing? I just checked. He could see it. Oh, okay. Well, how about this? I mean, how do you know what I'm talking about? It's right here. It's right here on the screen. I don't know if you see it. What's the name of the league, AJ? The MLB incorporates the Negro League. Whoa! Ohio guy! Holy hell. We're allowed to say that. What's the protocol on this one? Yeah, so I asked. I asked. I asked a lot. I asked a journalist. I asked people in the building, and yeah, it's just green light, they said. Got the G-card. They said, go ahead and say it. And I've seen others get duped into this before where they thought they got the green light in one particular group, and then they go to another group, and it's like, well, we didn't. It's not a universal. And I saw that person get their ass beat. And that ain't the way this is going to go for me, I don't think. I learned that lesson quickly from somebody else's actions, obviously. I've been told Negro League is completely okay for us. It sounds weird every time it comes out, though, AJ, whenever we're talking about that baseball league that Josh Gibson played in. What was it called? The Negro League. Geez. I think that's enough. I think that's enough, y'all. I agree with you. I think that's the big journalism of the day for me. I I agree with you, bud. I agree. I think that's the big journalism of the day for me. I mean, obviously, Josh Gibson, best baseball player of all time. Congratulations. What? Pittsburgh guy. Pittsburgh guy. Satchel Paige. What a beast. Way to go. That's great. Great name. And also, we're allowed to buy merch and stuff now, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let's go, dude. Nice jersey. Yeah, that gray jersey is sweet. Now, to be clear, with that graphic that we made there with Josh Gibson on, there was some controversy going into this entire thing. Would have threw us right into a buzzsaw. A big one. Yeah, would have threw it right into a buzzsaw. That is Josh Gibson right there. Okay, that is not somebody playing Josh Gibson in a play later on down the road correct that is actually a picture of him which is great news in fact josh gibson's dad works in steelman in pittsburgh so you know he comes from good roots wow that's probably why he's the best it's a baseball city it's also a hockey town joining us now ladies and gentlemen a man has been covering the nhl in a fantastic fashion all off season. Last night, after the Florida Panthers scored in overtime, he did a little song and dance on set, even though he's known to be a Rangers guy. Ladies and gentlemen, P.K. Subban. Hey! Jay Tatum! Hey! Let's go! You look sweet. This is a great outfit. What are we doing here? What's going on? It's a good day to be PK, it seems. Yep. I had a meeting today. I'm at the NHL office. So I had a meeting with the production company that's doing that great show with the NHL box-to-box. So I'll be participating in some of that stuff. Excited about it. It's great for the NHL. What's box to box? Production company. They did the quarterback show in the NHL. They also did, I think it's Drive to Stay Alive, the Formula One show on Netflix as well. Full swing. Big stuff happening here. Which hockey players are we following? Has that been announced? Why don't you make that announcement right now? Breaking. I'm not breaking any news on that. I don't know enough about it, but they had to interview me. So we'll see where it lives. Who are some of the guys? Maybe, maybe some of the guys. In consideration, yeah. That are in consideration for what? For this show? Yeah. Yeah. It seems like the big stars are going to be involved. McDavid, Phillip Forsberg, Quinn Hughes, Jack Eichel. Stonehouse. Jackie Aces. Austin. Sidney. Austin Matthews. Maybe Crosby will be in there. I can't give it all away. You've got to watch it go. He just kind of did. That's awesome. Thank you for that, PK. That's good journalism. We did it. We did it. Incredible. Didn't even know box to box was a thing. Had no clue. Box to box is the name of it, or that's the production company? What's the name of this one? Hockey to Rocky? Or what is the? What is the Company, yes, correct. I have no idea what the show is going to be named. Stay Alive. I love that you're a part of it. It's going to be electrifying. Wait to skate. Light the lamp. Light the lamp. Great job. The sandpaper. Pucks on net. Rubbers on net. Dumping rubber. Dumping rubber. Let's talk not only about Dumping Rubber, the new. Rubber, rubber. Dump and rubber. Dump and rubber. Yes. Dump and rubber. Okay, let's talk not only about Dump and Rubber, the new series coming to Netflix by Box to Box that P.K. Subban's going to be a part of. P.K., I don't know if you saw it thus far, but we have a special guest here in the Thunderdome. Lordo's here. P.K. Lord Lordo! Yeah, Lord Stanley Cup is here in the building. Shout out to Mira, the first woman keeper of the Cup in the history of the Cup. She brought it in from Toronto. I'm allowed to touch it, they said. I'm not allowed to lift it, drink out of it, cut it, spin it, do anything like that. But I'm allowed to touch it just like this. I seen you on set when Messier, who obviously won it, I think, six times, he walked over to you and you ran from him. You said, I might be a strength coach someday for a team. I'm not going to touch this thing. I want to win one on my own. That is a big deal, right? No hockey players actually touch this thing. Like, D-Butt loves the Panthers. Gumpy loves the Dallas Stars. They're scared to touch it because they think they won't win. What around touching this, and who can, who can't? And why did I just make the Penguins stand the cup contenders again? First of all, shout-out to Mira. I met Mira earlier this year. Shout-out to the keeper. She does a great job. She does her thing. And, yes, keep that cup away from mess. He's seen enough of it. He's won it six times. He doesn't need to touch that thing anymore, okay? Let somebody else play with it a little bit. But I don't want to touch it because, you know what? You got to win it. You got to win it. You got to win it as a manager, player, coach. Doesn't matter. You got to win it before you can lift it. And I will say this. I know a few players who actually have said that they touched the stanley cup before they won it and it didn't jinx them they actually ended up winning it i can't say the names though they told me this is all incompetence so i can't say it so perfect i just believe that you shouldn't touch any trophy unless you've won it you should not you shouldn't lift it or hoist it like you know i mean It's simple. The Pens have won so many. We went back-to-back multiple times. We were kind of a part of them. Relax. The Pens also stole one, too. You guys stole one from me in 16. Sorry about it. That's called earning it, pal. That's why I get to do this. You can't touch the thing. Isn't that cool that I'm allowed to touch it and you can't? How many years have you played in the A? Crosby. Mocking. What? Yeah. Was Fleury on that team or was that Murray? How'd they steal it from him? Crosby. No, it's Crosby. I remember that goal like it was yesterday. The breakaway goal coming through the middle, forehand, backhand. Yeah, that was it. It was all Sid. So anyways, isn't it kind of suck for you that I can touch this thing, dance with this thing? Yeah, what else? And you committed your entire life to hockey and you won't ever get to touch. And I'm just here I am. Here I am. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Oh, Stanley Cup. Drank out of it last year with Ruppert. That's right. Oh, yeah. You know what? So is AK, actually. Jack Johnson. You're right, though. You're right. You know what, Pat? I can't as it is outside here in New York. Like, I wonder what weather your pace is. They got to be in Cancun by now, right? Like, are they in Cancun? Shut up. Shut up. That's what I thought. Boom! Jay Tatum! Jay Tatum! Oh, fuck it. Oh! What? It was a sweep. It was a sweep, PK. Hanging on the rim. It was a sweep. We had a lead in every one of those games. Been doing that around Indy since PK did it. Yeah, he did it the entire game on Saturday. Literally in the sweep. Just amongst other things, acting like a full asshole. The amount of PK. Tay-dom. Tay-dom. Step back. Tay-dom. Jay Tatum. Step back. Jay Tatum. Never stop. So thank you for supplying Boston people with more shit to be mass holes about. That's something they needed out of you. But let's talk a little. Yeah, okay. Let's talk a little bit more hockey, shall we? I thought you were a Rangers guy, too, because remember you spent your birthday watching the Rangers. I think you're on TV, their show. Last night you did a full song and dance whenever the Florida Panthers get to win about a minute into overtime. What's that all about? You're just excited about good hockey? You like that the series is tied? You like the goal? What was this all about? I thought you were a Rangers guy, PK. Dude, I thought it was my pick. I thought it was my pick. I looked down and checked my phone. Pucks in the back of the net. I picked Barkoff to score the winner. It wasn't even him. It was Reinhardt. So I was pissed off. I wasted the celebration. It wasn't even my pick. And to make matters even worse, nobody picked him. Nobody at our desk picked him. Mets didn't pick him, and Leafs didn't pick him either. So nobody picked him. So really, I ended up being pissed off because it wasn't my guy. But how did you feel about the win? You liked the win. We like that the series is tied. This is good for hockey. Listen, I got Rangers in seven. I haven't changed my pick in any of these rounds. I'm not going to change it. Once I make a pick, I stick to it. I had Rangers in seven. You know, Florida deserved to win. I mean, to me, Florida deserved to win games two, three, and four. Like, they deserved to win. I mean, to me, Florida deserve to win games two, three, and four. Like, they deserve to win them. But that being said, something's got to be said for teams that find ways to win, and the Rangers have found ways to win. And I also got to give them credit. They've made adjustments. They haven't gotten frustrated with Florida and the way that they've played. They've stayed in the moment, and they've capitalized on their opportunities and they've done it they've changed their game they've won and had success in different styles so you got to say you got to give them credit for that I think also Peter Laviolette deserves a lot of credit because playing against the Florida Panthers a team that plays that style there's a lot of coaching changes and tweaks and lineup changes that you've got to do. And I think he's done a really good job managing the team and managing the emotion of the Rangers through it all. But as a hockey fan, you're damn right I'm happy it's tied up 2-2. This thing's going six or seven games, and I'm happy about it. It's been great hockey. It's been fun to watch. And for the first series this is the first series all playoffs that I'm kind of hoping for overtime. Most of the other series I want to go the hell home after the game. This one I'm willing to stay up and watch overtime as long as I need to because I love seeing these two teams go at it. I think the hockey is only going to get better in this series from here on in. I don't know how scientifically it works, but the brightness of the ice, which I've talked about, is like light mode in your bedroom. It's like hypnotized. It puts me to sleep almost. It has for some of these other games. Not for Rangers and Panthers, though, because of the physicality. It's such a physical game. There's so much talent. I feel like it's old school. It feels like an old school series, and I love the fact that it's being tied up. You talk about LaViolette or whatever doing it. Thank God we got Rempe back on here. I mean, geez, you didn't have to be fucking Einstein to figure out that the Rangers might be better with Rempe, even though you were like, yeah, he's doing a good thing. You remember you said all that stupid shit. Yeah, yeah, you did. You did. But we're back on it. We weren't asked to be a part of the box-to-box wait to skate. No. Yeah, rubber, full rubber on that. Dumping rubber. Yeah, dumping rubber. We weren't told about that at all. out to Panthers though. Yeah, PK, you mentioned the Rangers and their adjustments. Obviously two very close teams. Games 2, 3, and 4 all went to OT. What adjustments do you see the Panthers make in game 4? Obviously, you know, leading to that Rhino overtime goal to end it. Well, I think that for, first of all, for Florida, adjustments coming in on the road. I think they're comfortable playing on the road. We saw what they did in Game 1. I thought there was more pressure on the Rangers in Game 1, being at home, obviously, you know, handling the first two series kind of handily. They're clicking on all cylinders, but now we knew that they were going to face their toughest opponent of the playoffs, and, you know, Florida stepped up and came out and punched them right in the mouth in game one. I think that game five is going to be the most balanced game of this series, and I think both teams, it's so difficult to pick. But Florida, they've got to bury their chances. Igor Shosturkin has been the story of this series, and Bobrovsky hasn't been bad. It's not like he's been bad. He's been great. But Shosturkin, he's just, he's finding ways to make those impossible saves possible. And for the Rangers, they're getting confidence out of it. So even though that, you know, the Florida Panthers are wearing them down on the cycle, they're dominating on the boards and in the battles, shot attempts, all of that stuff. Their team Michael they're dominating on the boards and in the battles shot attempts all of that stuff their team feels that Shesterkin is going to make all the saves when he needs to make them and he has been making them look what it took to beat him yesterday Reinhardt's got our Verhage he's got a bat a puck out of the air there's got to be a puck that goes in off his skate a skate uh the overtime winner is a perfect shot over his shoulder that's what it's going to take to beat Shusterkin. First of all, Florida's got to show that they're going to be able to put the puck in the back of the net when they get their scoring chances. Too many breakaways, too many missed opportunities. Barkov included, as great as he's been. So they've got to finish. But can Shusterkin keep it up? Is he going to be able to keep up this play, this level of play, for potentially a seven-game series? I don't know, but I've got to say this. Conn Smythe, it's got to be his to lose. If the New York Rangers get to the finals and end up winning this thing, that guy for me is a shoo-in for the Conn Smythe. Igor, chance will be everywhere. Let's stick with the Rangers a little bit here. Seem to be super petty. What's up with Chris Kreider throwing a mouthpiece to Kachuk and not even getting it out of the arena, not even out of the rink? Kachuk actually was quoted as saying, I told him it was the best play he made all game. He said, a little petty. And that's what I had said on the – That one stayed in the rink there. That toss right there, he's throwing a mouth guard he got from Kachuk. He was trying in the crowd, souvenir, didn't make it out, hit the glass, went back down, looked like a big, dumb dipshit. That's what they said. Look at big, dumb Kreider, not even able to throw the mouthpiece out of the arena. That's what they were saying. I didn't say it. I'm saying people were saying that. PK. Well, you know what? Kreider's got to do something to kind of get himself going, and I like the fact that Matthew Kachuk had said something like, Bobrovsky's got more points than you in the series, which he does. I think he's got an assist. And Kreider doesn't have any points yet. But that can all change in game five for Chris Kreider. You know, it's a double-edged sword, right? You want to get in guys' kitchens. You want to get under guys' skin. But a guy like Chris Kreider, you know, you got to be careful because guy. I mean, he's the pound-for-pound strongest, most explosive guy in the series. Now, we haven't seen it yet, and we need to see more of it in this series. This series can't go by, and he doesn't have a point or a goal. When people are saying last round, they want to put his jersey up in the Raptors, you know, because of the way he performs. So, I don't think it's just him. I think it's the Vinojad as well, who obviously hit the crossbar yesterday, but it's also Panarin. Those big guys are going to have to break out at some point in time, and they haven't done that yet, but last night you could see the frustration starting to come a little bit, and that's good. Listen, these last couple games of the series here, Chris Kreider shows up in Game 5 and has a big game. No one's going to be talking about the first four games of this series. So, you know, throw his mouth guard, throw his helmet, throw as many gloves, piece of equipment in the stands as you want, you know, but Matthew Kachuk doesn't care. His team's coming in your building 2-2 ready to take the game five. So he's got to be ready to go. Let's stay with the Rangers on that note. Yeah, PK, against Carolina, obviously Trubel almost took a guy out with a bow and then almost cut his head off on the way back down. And then there was another one the other night that people weren't too happy about. I remember you saying you still want him to play that way and still be flying around, but also you got to be a little careful. Are you worried that this series might turn into a bit of a gong show if he continues to throw bows all over the place or what do you think needs to happen and do you expect another response perhaps from the panthers even though we are two games removed well i'll tell you this personally guys no one's listening or watching i'm always up for a gong show i don't mind the gong show bring on the gong show let's go but i will say this on the chris on on true love's gong show. Let's go. But I will say this on Trouba. I love gong shows. Amen. I love a gong show. Who doesn't? Me too. Who doesn't? Live for them. Trouba, love the way he plays. People want to say he's a dirty player. I don't see him that way. I played against him his whole career in Winnipeg. He never had any questionable hits when he was playing in Winnipeg. This is part of his job. He's trying to bring a physical element to the Rangers, and he's done a great job. He's been a great leader for them. On these plays, though, I cannot play favorites. As much as I love the physical part of the game, and it is, listen, I went on the record. It's not not pickleball i defended him when he tried to kill that nature last series and flew into the glass you remember when i said listen love the intent but if you hit him with your elbow we're talking about something different so i gotta call the way i see it he makes elbow contact with his chin yeah from that angle you don't see it but if you see the front angle he hits him in the side of the head anytime you extend that angle you don't see it, but if you see the front angle, he hits him in the side of the head. Anytime you extend that elbow, you're getting called. I don't think that anything's going to boil over in this series, regardless of what happens. Whether there's elbows being thrown, dirty plays, clean plays, you cannot get too emotional in this series now. It's a best of three series. It's tight. All that matters right now is winning hockey games. Nothing else. you got all next season for payback right now it's about the game on the ice and it's too tight there's no margin for error right now both teams are finding ways to score goals you don't want to give any team any extra opportunities with their special teams go ahead aj pk i when i i look online i see all this stuff that they they claim the The Florida Panthers are the bad boys Of the NHL right now What do you think when you hear something like that? I think that the Florida Panthers Are a team that play a brand of hockey That we're accustomed to seeing In the older generation of hockey But it's a hybrid of it They got guys that can put the puck in the net. I don't think they get enough credit for the skill. You look at their overtime winning goal, guys, don't dust it off. The way they move that puck around, they look like the Rangers on the power play. They look like the Rangers on the power play. Did they not? Tell me they didn't. They did. This is what I mean. So we can talk about the physicality. We can talk about the scrums after the whistle. We can talk about them playing chippy. I don't know about those hands, Pat. You wouldn't have a spot on that power play. Not with those hands. But give me a week. I could have you as a net front guy. I am a net front guy. I can have you as a net front guy in a week. I'm right in front of the net right now. Goal! Good tip. No, that wouldn't count. But, I will say that the Florida Senators deserve way more credit for their skill on that team. They don't get enough credit for their skill. Last night, it was on full display. Overtime winner was unbelievable. Their power play had to come through and they stepped up. Pat, roll your wrists over. I am! Roll the wrists. Roll the wrists. Wait a second. What? Oh! Oh shit! Oh shit! Double five hole! Yeah, I'm rolling wrists. Talking shit, rolling wrists. Oh shit. PK. Yeah, I'm rolling wrist. I'm rolling wrist. Talking shit, rolling wrist. Oh, shit. Oh. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what? It's not bad, actually. He's actually not horrible. Shut up, PK. I can hear you. I can hear you out here. Yeah, I grew up in Hockey Town. Also, Baseball Town. Don't know if you know this. Josh Gibson, best baseball player of all time statistically on record right now. He's a former member of the Homestead Grays in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Yeah, it's a big deal. There it is. Right there, PK. Best baseball player. Negro Leagues. That's right. What's that? Negro Leagues. That's right. Yes. Wow. AJ, what's the name of the league? I'm not exactly sure. PK's cutting up, though. Why is this guy can't say that? All right. Happy it's all funny. You could say Negro League. Okay, yeah. All right. Happy everybody's having so much fun today. It's been a blast. I already see awful announcing the Atlantic Wall Street Journal. There's a clip of it. I love this show. Listen to what this guy said. That Atlantic article was hilarious. Yeah, hilarious. I couldn't read it. It was too long. I apologize. When's our gong show? We got to get a group gong show going here. What's a gong show, guys? What's that mean? PK, the gong show. Let me explain it to him. We gotta go for coffee. We gotta go for coffee. I'll take you for coffee and I'll explain to you what a gong show is. Just you and I, one-on-one. That's never gonna happen, so he's never gonna know. I thought we were in the middle of doing that right now. Just tell a little bit of a runaway. A brief overview. Be good, Defeat. We're going to have a gong show at the Elbow Room after the Panthers win the Cup. We're all going to be there. It's going to be awesome. Might be in Texas. See, he knows. You're right. My bad. That might happen before. That might happen before the Panthers win the Cup. Just to... I mean tie one on a tootsie. What is that, Canadian? It's Canadian? Yeah, you're just getting boozed up. Slightly different tootsies. It's a gong show. Ours is better. We can go to both. Yeah, second floor getting showrunner. South floor. I'm in for that. The Nashville tootsies, you're just getting hammered drunk with a bunch of white people It's like you on Pat's birthday, D-Bunch. That's a gong show. Pat's birthday was a gong show. That was a gong show, wasn't it? Ty's got a good definition of gong show, I think. It is, just a little bit of a runaway. It's a bit of a runway. Maybe a little bit more. Okay, but here's my question. Is it going to be a bachelor party? Is it all dudes or is it all of us and just we go to the bachelor party. PK, you just got to find other groups, brother. What are you talking about? Your first gong show? I'll invite some friends. I'll invite some friends. What does that mean? Who are the lads that you'll be inviting? Who are the lads? Moose? I wasn't going to invite any more guys. I was going to invite some girls. PK, it's going to be tough. I'm pretty married. It's going to be a tough one. I know you're out of the mix. Not everybody is. So hold on. You guys have whatever gong show you want to have. I'm not in the way of a runway. Ever. Do you stop working? I'm never going to meet anyone. You mean like a spouse? Or you mean friends? Like a wife? Like a wife or a friend? We can do a dating game on this show. Yeah, and I want to find love, man. I'm looking for love. Okay. All right, sweet. So that's what we'll do because once the NHL playoffs are over and the NBA playoffs are over, boy, we're fucked. So a dating game for PK would be awesome. Thank you for allowing us to do that. Thank you for bestowing that honor upon us. The Gong Show Love Edition with PK Subed. It is going to be. It'll come right here. We'll do it right here. Yeah. To have a whole runway. I got a definition now. Okay. A situation or event marked by chaos or incompetence. A free-for-all. A bit of a gong show. A bit of a runway. A bit of a runway. Ty has a question for the loveless PK. Yeah, PK, obviously all four of the teams left right now have, you know. Are you going to give them a stick? You know how they have like rows? Yeah. Oh, one of these. You give them your mini stick for another day. Instead of the lover suite. Instead of the lover suite, we'll call it the dong show room or whatever. Yes. What? They get to take it. They take it. It's called the memory box. A bit too leading. Yeah, geez. Top ends, maybe. We don't need to be associated with dong shows. This guy's looking for love. Put rubber on that. You're trying to make here. A little bit. I don't like that. Maybe the number one person gets a bar, like Bar Don. You're a real Bar Don. Like a special one. How about Waino? Is Waino going to be gifted at one point? You're the greatest. I figured Waino would be hosting this entire thing. It's going to be tough to get him, I think, from what I've been told. Anything for love. For PK. Come on. We Anything for love. For PK. Come on. We're here for you, PK. All I'm going to say, Pat, for all you guys, fastest way to grow a business is through referrals. So that's all I'm saying. Okay. All right, well, hopefully the same for love. Ty has a question for you. PK, of the four teams left, which two do you think provides the most entertaining Stanley Cup final? Oh. Oh. Oh. Your potential wife is watching. Let's make sure we get a good answer. I would have to say I'd like to see the Rangers in Dallas go at it. I really would. You know, in a perfect world, in a perfect world, I'd like Rangers and Edmonton just because I want McDavid in there. I do. You know, Rangers, everybody benefits. The 30 years, everything. And with McDavid, his first time in the Stanley Cup final, I think it'd be highly entertaining. But I think Dallas deserves it. I think their team. And I think the best final would be Dallas and the Rangers. I really believe that. That's a great answer. That's what I believe. Way to get that. We didn't prepare you for that, and you were able to come up with that on the spot. That's the type of human you're potentially dating whenever you come on the gong show of love for P.K. Subban. Oh, man, and there can be a huge gong when they get kicked out. They have to hit the gong. Yeah, yeah. The gong has spoken. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. This is a home run. Got to box the box. So, how old are you, PK? 35. 35. Just turned 35, May 13th. Oh, happy birthday. Oh, yeah, we already said it. Yeah, too much. Oh, happy birthday. Oh, yeah, we already said it. Yeah, too much. Oh, yeah, before. Yeah, we said before, the day of, after. Remember, he took two weeks off for his birthday. How old do I look? 28. Okay, I'll take that. Yeah, 28's spot on. Happy I can make you feel good about it. You do look like you're about 28. I look older than PK. Dude, I do an Epsom salt bath every day. I hope I look 28. Yeah, we know. And also the massage. You still doing the massage thing? Like today, how do you do the massage thing? Today's the one day off? Well, today I had a busy morning so I'll either have to get that massage later this afternoon or I'll miss a day. Sometimes I miss a day. You know, sometimes I miss a day. It's okay. Yeah, you can miss. Sometimes you can not get a massage. You know, some days out of a year, you can grit and bear it and make it through without getting a massage. Yeah, one day, 360. So what resort are those? Because I'm thinking of maybe going down to Cancun. What resort are those Pacers staying at? Are they staying at a place with a good spa? Because maybe I'll go down there after the. Let me tell you why you wouldn't get along with these Pacers, okay? T.J. McConnell is in Pittsburgh right now. Where did he go offseason? He's going to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Tyrese Halliburton, Indianapolis, Indiana. He's had a long morning this morning. We faced him with him a couple times this morning. He's had a long morning this morning. He's going to be on the show I believe Friday or Monday, so he'll address all the things you're saying right now. The Pacers weren't supposed to make it to the Eastern Conference Finals. They did. No, I like the Pacers. Oh, shut up, PK. Who wins tonight? Who wins tonight? Dallas Oilers. You like the McDavid story, so I think you're probably pulling for the Oilers. So I think you're probably pulling for the Oilers. I want the Oilers to win tonight. Yes, I do. I think Dallas still found their game. That rope-a-hence, it's just... Rope-a-hence! What he brings to that team, they're very, very deep. I still think that Dallas hasn't played a full, complete game yet in this series. They're due for one, but you know how it is. This game is a tough one. This is going to be a tough one. Edmonton can't afford to lose this game. They know that. So, McDavid and Dreisaitl got to get on the scoreboard. You've got to believe that Edmonton wins this game tonight. They have to win this game. It's a must win. It's a must win. Hopefully, Dre sidle and the boys will show up, and we'll get another electrifying hockey conference final game like the East has been able to do. And before we get out of here, PK, one last gift from us to you because we missed your birthday. Go ahead and do it. Just go ahead and touch it. Go ahead and touch it. Just zoom in a little bit more. Put it on the edge there, Foxy, so that PK can just put it in. Then just touch it. Just reach your hand. Listen to me. I'm looking for love fastest way, like I said. Referrals, guys. Focus here. Touch the cup. Just give it like a little. I'm not touching that cup. Get that thing away from me and keep it away from Messier too. And that, you know what's terrible about that picture is that stupid jersey you got behind it. What is that? Whoa. Get terrible about that picture is that stupid jersey you got behind it. What is that? Whoa. Get that jersey out of there, Halliburton. It's beautiful, isn't it? I'd love to touch that thing, too. Oh, Halliburton. Halliburton's touched the Stanley Cup for you, PK. How about that, pal? It's not right. Dude, imagine what's happened with that Stanley Cup. Like, what's been done with that. Can we talk about that? So much canoodling, I assume, on this thing. What are some stories you've heard, PK, with the old Lord of... I don't know if I... You really want me to tell those stories here? Just one, just one, yeah. What is something that... Because it's right here, you know, it's the same one. This Just one. Just one. Yeah. What is something that, because it's right here. You know, it's the same one. This one. Like, I've heard of that trophy being thrown off the top of buildings and swimming pools. Like, just everything. Yeah. Like, everything. Anything you could have imagined. Anything that you could have imagined happening to that Stanley Cup, I think, has happened. Somebody's buying this thing? Yeah. Is the keeper always... Put it this way. That Stanley Cup, I'll put it this way. That Stanley Cup has seen more action than all of you guys in that room combined. How about that? I'll leave it at that. It's like 200 years old. Put genitals on it. That's all I'm going to say. People are making love to L'Oreal. Figure out what action means. You guys can break that down. I checked that. I heard Sidney couldn't fit, actually. Really? Coiling up. Wrapped in like a poop. I heard Sidney Crosby didn't have capability. So next time, he learned he went from the ball. Yeah, you should ask Sid. Ask Sid the next time. Ask him when he comes on. We just got a chance to get a video or a photo from earlier. This is in real time. Oh, PK is right on the cup. Oh, there he is. Holy hell. He's a part of the cup. Look at you. Oh, my God. Congratulations, PK. You did it. You touched it. You touched the cup. He touched the cup. He touched the cup. He touched the cup. We're proud of you, man. We're proud of you. All right. Thank you. That was cool. It was a cool day. You finally did it. There's no reason I should be able to touch it and you don't, PK. No way. Oh, you guys are something else. I love this show. Love this show. All right, ladies and gentlemen. Dude, that can't cool, though. I got to be honest. PK's too bad. Yeah, PK's too bad. PK. All right, PK. What's that guy's problem? He's the best. Dog show of love. I cannot wait for that to start. I mean, we should think about it, honestly. You know, he draws a reaction when he's on this show. Certainly. You know, when I talk to people that watch the program, you know, they bring up, like, Austin Rivers. Didn't expect to like Austin Rivers. Hated Austin Rivers. Didn't expect to like Austin Rivers. PK in rivers didn't expect to like austin rivers pk he's he's he's unique huh something that's what a lot of people say it's like yeah pk brings it every time he's on this show i couldn't even imagine that box the box thing and then he'd just release and who the people were on it yeah awesome that could be so bad he named like seven people you have to watch find out more it's like that's a lot of people i love pk i love the he gives us. And the man that we're about to have on the show is professional. He's in the middle. He's right here. He's right here in the middle for the NFL for the last 30 years maybe. Paisan from West Virginia. Lawyer, trailblazer in the sports blog, sports content industry. A man who sold his business multiple times for a lot of money to a lot of people paisano mike florio hey let's go thank you let's go mountain i've never sold it once i've never sold it once i still own it all now didn't you license it didn't you license it you license it for sure like nbc sports right now it's currently licensed is that the case then i'm sorry 15 years as of july 1 with nb Sports right now, it's currently licensed. Is that the case then? I'm sorry. 15 years as of July 1 with NBC. All of our content's exclusively licensed to NBC, but I still hold the equity. The equity is the key, as you know. The equity is the key. Amen. Paisan. Amen. Sorry, I forget. Who was it before? Were you just independent before? I thought you't licensed to another company before NBC? No, it was all us. We were independent from November 1, 2001 until July 1, 2009. Completely and totally independent, and we've been with NBC ever since. Congratulations. Thank you very much. 23 years, not 30. Not 30. Don't age me any more than I'm already aging. Well, you're Italian, so it works good. You know, Italians age gracefully, and you certainly have. Let's go Mountaineers. I see the polo. We're going to be good this year. Garrett Green's about to run wild. I was down there for the spring game. We got some talent, Florio. We got some real skill down there. Yeah, look, college football is turned upside down, and I hope however it settles we have a chance to compete, not compete not just for a nice bowl game but for a national championship one of these years we do 12 12 team playoff and big 12 is still in the power for whatever it is in the big 12 when the stories wrote they're going to say texas and oklahoma were scared of west virginia that's why they want run into the sec so you can get out of the big 12 away from west virginia but let's not let's talk a little bit more about pro football talk, shall we? You are in the middle of every story that's potentially happening with every single team somehow. It'll be 11.30 at night, something will come across your desk or wire. We got a tweet, we got a post, we got a story. And the next morning, everybody's like, did you see what came out last night of pro football talk because of how long you've been around? The big story I think that you were afraid and this is uh me uh looking afraid to chat about on draft night almost got legitimized by another writer in uh minnesota justin jefferson you said you you had rumblings during draft night that he was potentially going to get traded on draft night for malik neighbors pick for the minnesota vikings that ends up not happening. They get J.J. McCarthy, now Justin Jefferson, seemingly a part of the future with the Vikings. But once the Pioneer Press kind of report on that, the local newspaper, that gives you a green light to be like, hey, we're also hearing this or we're hearing this as well. And where do you kind of sit on this particular story right now, Florio? Here's what happened. During draft night, I heard from somebody I've known for a long time and I trust who was plugged into what was happening with the Chargers. The Chargers were contemplating a trade down from number five. Jim Harbaugh, new head coach there, was all in on taking Joe Alt, the tackle from Notre Dame. There may have been some division in the draft room as to whether or not they should trade down. And I was told the Vikings were trying to trade up to get the LSU receiver Malik Neighbors. Now, Justin Jefferson wouldn't have been part of that package. I don't know what they would have done with Justin Jefferson. All I was hearing that night, and Chris Sims, who's with me on PFT Live every morning, heard the same thing separately from a different source, the idea that the Vikings are trying to get to five to get neighbors. Now, Charlie Walters, the St. Paul Pioneer Press, followed that up on Sunday with the two for one. Justin Jefferson would have been traded after, after and separately from Malik neighbors being acquired if they'd moved up. But I said it in a video because I was doing them one after another as the picks were being made on draft night, but I was never able to nail it down. So I never wrote anything about it. I never said anything more about it because I wanted to have it 100%, or at least as close to 100% as possible. Once I saw somebody else say it, okay, hey, I heard this same thing. Let's blast it out there and see what happens. But that's dead. That's over. I think they're something to this idea. They were exploring their options back around draft night and looking at maybe going a lot cheaper. You know, Jefferson, $35 million a year, maybe they could have gotten neighbors for $29 million for all four years to start his career. Yeah. And that's the balance of if you pay a wide receiver, you seemingly can't pay a quarterback. If you pay a quarterback, you can't pay a wide receiver cincinnati's gonna have to deal with that i assume somebody's gonna bring that up to you with the new because wide receivers are gonna get 35 40 million top end it's gonna end up happening and justin jefferson certainly worthy and there'll be a lot of teams that'd be willing to pay him that to get a weapon as explosive as him the thought of him potentially being traded was something that people were dreaming of around the NFL. I think the Patriots were even like, yeah, if you want to trade us Justin Jefferson, come up and get three. You want to come up to three, give us Justin Jefferson. I think a lot of teams felt that way. So the thought that maybe it was possible is certainly something we enjoy looking back on. But Justin Jefferson being a Viking seemingly is going to be the case regardless, which is kind of the thought of when they move on from Kirk Cousins, right? So it's like the Vikings kind of have this story arc where it's like, can't pay Kirk because what the Falcons are paying him is so much money. We're not going to be able to keep up. Have to pay Justin Jefferson. But then there's a thought, wait, well, if we get Malik neighbors, do we need, and then we, it's wild what teams go through to get to the final product for you I think that is kind of what this story exemplifies almost I think it's taking the Vikings time guys to come to terms with what it's going to take to get this done you've got the raw dollars and you've also got the structure I reported a year ago tomorrow to the day that structural issues could keep this from happening. And it's plain and simple. It's how much you're going to fully guarantee it's signing. The Vikings don't go as deep into the future as other teams do when it comes to the full guarantee at the time you put your name at the bottom of the contract. They need to deviate from that to get this deal done. I think they have to fully guarantee three years at signing to get Justin Jefferson done. And I don't think they've wanted to do that. So it's a combination of how much is it going to take by way of actual dollars, new money, average per year. I think he's looking at Joey Bosa's 34 a year as the minimum because the GM's already said he deserves to be paid like a top non-quarterback in the National Football League. 35 to 40, the sweet spot, but first three years fully guaranteed. So the Vikings have to come around on total average and structure. That's the key. So good. Go ahead, AJ. Mike, do we know what his relationship is like and Justin's agent's relationship is like with the franchise? And will this change anything? Like can Justin, you know, does he have, did he have any idea about this possibly being shopped and everything going on during the draft weekend? Hey, that's a great point because this is the kind of thing that can drive a wedge between player and team. The good news for the Vikings, the best news is the quarterback they drafted in J.J. McCarthy is represented by the same firm. So it's a little easier to smooth things over and make it all work when quarterback and receiver under the same umbrella there's a mutual benefit in both guys being as good as they can be I don't get the impression that this neighbor stuff ever really blossomed to the point where it was a thing and of course now the Vikings are never going to admit it people that cover the team are going to be saying that's not true what was going to happen because the ship sailed. It's not going to occur. You got to work it out with Justin Jefferson. Yeah, you ponder the possibilities. Let's forget about that. Let's keep this guy. And I think once the money's there and once the structure's there, nothing else matters. It's all part of negotiations and what you do to get to where you need to be. I think there's a good chance you're going to get to where they need to be but the vikings are the ones that have to have the epiphany on structure and dollars well the amount of teams i would call if justin jefferson was available would be through the roof so i think that's just standard operating procedure in the nfl especially if you're a star coming up on a contract deal so i don't think the vikings even thinking about at one point should drive a wedge but all it sounds like is that justin jefferson's about to get like a hundred million dollars guaranteed to play wide receiver congratulations to him and to the Vikings who seemingly have the quarterback of the future and a wide receiver of the present and the future best in the NFL we'll be back tomorrow on this beautiful ESPN network with more bullshit that matters though because it's journalism see you then all right we continue on YouTube and ESPN plus and TikTok which is still alive Florio you have any inside information on who's going to buy TikTok? I think we're running out of days. Yeah, I have no idea what's going on with that. I don't know anything about TikTok. And I was hoping, like, I would avoid it until I die. Maybe I'll avoid it until it dies. Okay. Florio. I will say this, Florio. As a person who is certainly older than the generation of TikTokers, we have a talk who does our talk videos that get edited in there. There he is right there. He's the owner of Cadillac Escalade 2002 with 16,000 original miles on it. Our TikTok community, incredibly positive. I mean, it is a very positive place down there. And it's college kids, high school kids. The comments are the nicest place. Really? It might be the nicest place on the internet. They'll screenshot some of the comments and send them. I'm like, that's really nice to hear. You don't hear that in many places on the internet. You definitely don't see that on X. That's what I'm talking about, Florio. It's not that bad. We need somebody to buy it. Maybe that should be you. Go ahead, AJ. Mike, when you look on the rest of this, from here until, I guess, let's say the season, not even the season, training camp, what's one thing that could possibly happen that we actually care about that makes some news that actually gets someone to, gets a GM to say, come out of his vacation home and make a call or something? Yeah, look, I'm not aware of anything right now. I'm sure there's something. When you're plugged into everything that's happening, there isn't one thing that stands out. There isn't some major trade that I think could happen, which means a major trade will happen tomorrow. There isn't a looming contract problem. I mean, you've got guys who are staying away from OTAs, but those things tend to work out. The one hot spot where I feel like they just don't know how to get themselves out of the corner they've painted themselves into is the Cowboys. They've got the issue with Dak Prescott twice now. They've got the issue currently with C.D. Lamb. And I don't think Michael Parsons is walking through the door until he gets his contract, and I don't know how they're going to work these things out. I think Micah should be the top priority, frankly. He's the future. He's one of the best defensive players we've seen in a very long time. But how the Cowboys are actually going to field a competitive team when they've handcuffed themselves over these three young players and they can't get out of this mess they made dating back to when they first had Dak Prescott's contract to renegotiate. I think that's what's amazing to me. I don't know why they have any real expectations. They're not better than they were last year. If anything, they're worse. And the Eagles, if they get their act together, the Cowboys are going to have a rough year. And it's all because they're stuck in this mud with Prescott, Lamb, and Parsons. And it's definitely a proving year for Big Mike, right? I mean, this is... Yeah, right? So he's still... Last year of his contract. Jerry Jones, for as rich as he is, he's cheap. And he doesn't like to pay people to not work for him. He didn't fire McCarthy primarily because he would have had to pay him to not work in 2024. So play out the year. And I think Belichick, your guy, Belichick may be the ace in the hole next year if it doesn't work out with McCarthy. He might enjoy media too much to go back to coaching. I mean, there's a chance. The shit that he's lined up for this fall should be pretty epic. Like what Bill is going to do this fall I think should be pretty epic. For a guy whose press conferences were must-watch for him saying nothing, I think there's about to be a lot of football knowledge that's about to get spilled. Does that heighten the interest from teams for Bill Belichick? I would assume yes. That would certainly be the yes. But people have tied him to Dallas literally since the moment. Why is it just because Jerry and Bill could coexist? Why is that the case? And what are some other situations you think that are maybe looming for old Bill Belichick if he gets back into the game of head coach? If you look back at the press conferences from the times the Cowboys and the Patriots have played each other in recent years, and they don't play very often, every time Belichick glowing about Jerry and Steven Jones and the work they do in Dallas, the team they've put together. And Jerry, after he issued the statement that Mike McCarthy isn't getting fired, at some point after that, he talked about how he could employ Bill Belichick. Now, some would say when it's time to actually go do it, Bill may not like the way Jerry does things. But I think they could get together because I think that's the one place where Bill Belichick wouldn't feel compelled to take over. Let Jerry and Steven and the structure they have in place put the team together. You know, you don't need to shop for the groceries to cook the meal if you have a fully stocked kitchen and the Cowboys have plenty of talent if they can figure out how to keep them around. But I think what he's doing with you this year, what he's going to be doing with Peyton this year is genius because one of the big challenges for Bill Belichick, I believe, is to get a fan base sufficiently excited about 72-year-old Bill Belichick walking through the door in 2025. Because I don't think there were many fan bases clamoring for him after it went sideways in New England. But if he does more stuff with you like what he did during the draft and when he's on Peyton's show on Monday nights, I mean, that's a way for him to maybe light the fuse to get a fan base saying, we want that guy next year. And ultimately, it's a business about getting people to show up for the games and watch your games and feel good about the team. You get a fan base behind or multiple fan bases behind Bill Belichick, he'll have a job next year. He was awesome at the Draft Spectacular. Unbelievable. The night before the Draft Spectacular at our little production dinner, we'll call it. Awesome. I mean, just the whole lead up to it. Awesome. He was, and obviously the stories and the amount of respect that every person in football has for him. You just walk by people that are legends in football and they're the ones that are going out going, Mr. Belichick, Coach Belichick, Coach, like trying to tell his stories. It is – it's fascinating because he's how many games away? I believe he is 14 or 15 wins away from setting the record. Being the all-time winning coach, it's like as competitive as he is, as much of a historian of the game that he is, I mean, that's obviously just sitting there lingering at all times. I'll be excited to see how it works out. Go ahead, D-Butt. Yeah, AJ kind of asked you if you were tapped in on some offseason news that will come up. But I still want to ask you about Tua, Tua and the Dolphins, that contract potentially getting worked out sooner than later, as well as Dak. You obviously spoke on Dak. And then Pellicero put out something about the offseason potentially changing and the union, you know, wanting more off days and a ramp-up period going into training camp. Have you heard any more information on that? I'll start there and go backward. Back in February, right before the scouting combine, somebody from the union told me that they were looking into this possibility. It wasn't matured to the point where they were ready to consider making a proposal. Here's the problem. Setting aside whether or not the teams would want to do it, whether or not enough of the players want to do it. I feel like a lot of players don't even know about it yet, and it's being dropped out there by a reporter who works for the NFL. That's not exactly the way I want to find out about it if I'm a player. So they need to do better communication with the players. But we've got to understand, anything the union wants happens in this context of collective bargaining, which means you go to the table, the league's on the other side, you tell them what you want. And even if you sell it as a win-win, they're going to say, what's in it for us? What do we get? And my concern is if they tiptoe toward that table saying we want to revamp the offseason, the league's going to say, fine, we want 18 games. Because as you guys know from talking to Goodell, the day after round one, they're waiting for their chance to make the move for 18. They wanted 18 games for 15 years. He said 17's good for now. That was literally his answer whenever we said, how quickly? Because we all saw it. Anybody that's been around football knows, once we gave them 17 games, and by we, I mean players, it was like 18's, I mean, that is right around the corner. And he felt the same exact way, Florio, to your point. He was like, yeah, 17 is good for now. I hate the preseason. He said, I hate the preseason. But, yeah, 18 would certainly be something. You add in a bye week there, and then I think the timing of the year, he said it would end up being on President's Weekend, President's Day weekend, which will give you Monday off after the Super Bowl anyways. So they've already have it all mapped out for you. And would it be an offseason reshuffle of the schedule that would be able to get 18 games past the NFL player? I don't know. That seems like that'd be a... It would take more. It would have to take more. But that's why my advice to the union, I'm working on an item I'm going to post later this afternoon. My advice to the union is don't lead with, hey, we want a new offseason program. Just sit back and wait. They're going to come to you and ask for 18 games. Get your ducks in a row as to what you're going to ask for because they'll give you stuff that doesn't cost them any money. They'll be all over this revamped offseason program because it doesn't cost the owners a single penny. It might even save them money if they have less total time that the facilities are open between the end of the season and the official start of go out and practice and get ready for season training camp. So get a long list of things you want, because it's one thing to try to get 18 games when the CBA expires and you say to the union, you better agree to 18 games or we're going to lock you out and we'll shut the game down for a whole year and we know you won't, versus coming to them before. At some point in the next two or three years, you better have something you're giving them because they can just sit back and say we have a cba that's in place until 2033 you can't get to 18 games until 2034 at the earliest so you better have something so my advice is put it put your list together nflpa and sit back and wait for them to come to you and then say here's all the shit we want if you want to go to 18 games florida the the NFLPA has always been genius when it comes to this stuff, haven't they? Here's the problem. What? Bottom line. They stink at business? Well, no. They learned in 1987 when the strike failed after a week or two. You've got a fundamental imbalance as it relates to the will of the parties. The owners will shut it down for a whole year. They won't think twice about it. You know why? Because they're going to own the team forever until they die. We miss a football season. Oh, well, I got 30 more before I croak. If you're a player, how many years do you have? And you're going to give up a whole year of playing and the salary that goes along with it. And then next year, when it's time to play again, you haven't played in a year. You're expensive. You're competing with guys fresh out of college who played last year. And, hey, I may lose my job even faster than I would have by taking a year off. The players will never shut it down for a year. The owners will. And I'm amazed the owners haven't taken more advantage of that fact. Well, let's not put that in the fucking universe. What the hell? I'm just telling you that. If they wanted to do it, they could. You said I'm working on an item for this afternoon. Let's not put that on the paper. I've written that before. Yeah, we've seen it. But I always just thought there would come a time, and I guess whenever you're negotiating with 30 billionaires or 31 billionaires depending upon mark davis's status with the taxes and everything else going on there um like they would understand business like hey okay we need each other here let's go ahead and do this but you're also dealing with like lawyers of some of the richest people on earth at that exact time and they're not necessarily in the business of like that is good that is good faith yeah you're right we will stop testing for weed because it's seemingly legal in like 38 states and it's stupid and we gotta do it we will just drop that instead it's you want us to stop testing for weed okay we need uh we need an 18th game then it's like everything can't just be for another game it's like no that's, that's how it goes. And I guess I'm just naive to the fact of thinking that there should be a little bit more of this and an understanding between the NFLPA and the NFL when I guess that's just not possible, huh? It's just never going to be possible. You're absolutely right. That's the way it should be. And the idea from the league's perspective, hey, you guys wanted a union. This is how it goes. It's collective bargaining. But think of it this way. If there wasn't a union that binds all 32 teams together, everything the league did would be exactly what college football is going through right now. Everything you do is an antitrust violation because it's 32 different businesses trying to rig the labor market. The draft would be an antitrust violation. The salary cap would be an antitrust violation. The franchise tag would be an antitrust violation. The union gives the NFL the ability to run the business the way it currently does. So the attitude of, hey, tough shit, you wanted a union, you got to deal with this. I agree with you. There should be a greater spirit of cooperation. There isn't because you still have that push and pull, that back and forth that is inherent to any labor management relationship. And that's just the way it is. And, hey, we've had one true work stoppage since 1982. It was awesome. And that was the 87th strike. The 2011 thing, we didn't miss any games. The lockout was awesome. Big fucking deal. Yeah, it was awesome. It was awesome. All offseason, we have no – yeah. I didn't get drug tested for them. I remember that offseason. Yeah, that was an awesome offseason. Yeah, we all loved that. But go ahead. You said there has been no work stoppage since 87? Yeah, no, there's been no work stoppage. And so they have, you know, they have a balance to all of this. I still think the players should get more. Easier said than done. I'm a firm proponent in the players who are up for new contracts getting everything they can. The salary cap gets used against them. This idea of you need to try to win games and championships gets used against them. The fans are used against them while the owners are sitting around on the 350-foot yacht smoking a cigar and checking their stock portfolios and buying Bitcoin. They ain't looking in their stock portfolios. They have somebody telling them how the stock portfolio is. They're like, NVIDIA is good. We just learned that today. I just learned that there's another company that's the wealthiest and biggest of all time. I thought Apple and Amazon were doing it. This NVIDIA guy, I've never even fucking heard. They're the ones. They're going to own a team. They're going to own a team. That's just what I assume is going to take a really – so let's get back to some football talk. Go ahead, Con, man. Yeah, Florio, of the teams that drafted rookie quarterbacks in the first round this year, are you hearing anything out of those places about, you know, guys either overperforming or possibly underperforming? I know out of New England, the thing with Drake May has been the same conversation as it was before the draft. Just, you know, he's got a long way to go is there anything else you're hearing that was a little surprising or very positive for some of these fan bases the thing with drake may is really strange because he was the most raw of the six rookies taken in the first 12 picks he's the guy who needs the most time to grow and develop but there was a lot of demand for him the giants wanted to come up to number three supposedly and get him the vikings were trying to move up from number 10 to get him. He was their first choice at quarterback. The Patriots stay put and they take him. But when you read between the lines of the things that are coming from guys like head coach Gerard Mayo, they want to give him time. Because the problem is, once you put him out there, you can't take him back. Once that rookie, once that hot shot top three quarterback is on the field, if he struggles, you're messing him up if you start yanking him out of the game and put Jacoby Brissett in. So I think they'd like to give Jacoby Brissett the opportunity to win the competition, a real competition, and give May time to develop. Because who really expects much from the Patriots this year? The cupboard's bare. They need to rebuild it. It's not like they're going to be a playoff team. Let's give May a little time to develop so he's not in over his head. I think that's the big concern there. The other guys taken in round one, I mean, other than the whole Penix Cousins thing, who the hell knows what's going to happen there. But the other guys, I expect they're going to get was making comparisons to what happened in Green Bay, even though Aaron had been there for like 16 years at that point and knows people. But now Green Bay does have a discussion about a first-round quarterback that they drafted. Yeah, Mike, everything we've heard coming from Green Bay has basically said like, hey, there's no ill will. There's no kind of like, hey, we need to get this deal with Jordan Love done right now. He showed up to OTAs. But are you hearing or privy to any kind of timeline as to when a new deal will get done? And do you think what he did in the back half of last season is good enough where he's going to fall right in line with what Jared Goff got this offseason or some of these other top earning quarterbacks? I think it's going to be a challenge to get him to Jared Goff's level, but I thought it would be a challenge to get Jared Goff to Jared Goff's level. I didn't think the Lions were giving $53 million a year in new money. I thought that kind of money was only reserved for that handful of guys who can run the play that's called, and then when the play that's called goes to shit, can go out there and make chicken salad out of it on the fly. And Goff really isn't that guy. So that changed everything. You mentioned Tua earlier, and I never got around to the Tua position, but I think the golf contract makes Tua want more, makes Matthew Stafford want more, makes Jordan Love want more. Now, I think that Love's camp is confident they're going to get a deal done, but it's easy to say yes or no. Does the guy need a new deal? Yes. The harder part is how much are we going to pay? What's the cap hit? What's the structure? Tua definitely deserves a new deal. How are we going to figure out the right number? Jordan Love, absolutely. How do we project the right number based on half of a season of turning it around? Because the first half of the 2023 season was rough. So that's always the challenge with these deals. But when the Lions give Goff 53, it makes it easier for the other quarterbacks to say, Goff 53, it makes it easier for the other quarterbacks to say, wait a minute, we kind of like that number. Well, Jared Goff has been a pillar of this brand new Lions team up there with MCDC. And Evan Fox, he goes from losing Matthew Stafford and not just Fox, y'all of Detroit. We're giving up. We're the only team that'll take on Jared Goff's $30 million a year contract. We're the losers in this whole thing. $30 million a year contract. We're the losers in this whole thing. To the only chant that they have in Detroit that we heard, the only chant is Jared Goff. That's literally what they chant. Like some cities like, here we go, Steelers, here we go. Like you can hear that anywhere in Pittsburgh, right? People get drunk enough. Or Fire Canada. You'll still hear Fire Canada this year. Bingo. Steelers gone. Those are the the chance, you know, that you have in cities. Every city has one of those. The only one that Detroit has is Jared Goff's name. It's like the story has been completed for Goff in Detroit, which is wild to even think of. Yeah, exactly. And because of the history of the Lions, they had to pay him that money no matter what. And if they didn't, Lions fans would be like, here we go, same old Lions, we ruined it again. So I'm happy they gave him all that money. You hit the nail on the head because, look, one team wins a Super Bowl every year if you haven't heard Newsflash. One team wins it every year. The other 31 got to figure out how to make money. They got to figure out how to keep their stands full. The Lions jacked up season ticket prices this year in a significant amount. You got to keep the customers happy. They got to be happy. They love Jared Goff. You got to pay Jared Goff. Is it money well spent from an X's and O's standpoint? TBD. Remember when the Rams paid him in 2019? I was saying, don't do it, Rams. Don't do it. Be the team that breaks this mold of, hey, the next quarterback that's up for a new contract becomes the highest paid player in the history of football. Resist it. They did it anyway. Two years later, they had to give up a first-round pick. They tucked that first-round pick, that extra first-round pick, into the Matthew Stafford package. Think about that. Stafford for Goff, and the Lions get two ones and a three. It was a one and a three for Stafford, and it was a one to please take this contract off our hands. I hope the Lions don't feel that same way two years from now. No off our hands. I hope the Lions don't feel that same way two years from now. No, absolutely not. Absolutely not. No chance. Not the guys they got with those picks. And they paid everybody on their team. Seemingly, somehow, paid everybody. That's why they're jacking up those tickets, I'd assume. I didn't know that. She the Ford Hamps trying to gouge Detroit now? Yeah. People are really upset about this because they're saying everyone from the suburbs and all the, you know, the bad fans are now going to be the only ones that can afford the tickets, and now they're going to move all the other fans out. I thought Sheila Ford Ham loved what was going on. As soon as you get an opportunity, though, huh? I guess that's what happens. And that goes back to my question about the NFLPA and the NFL ever just being able to. That ain't how you become a billionaire. That's economics, baby. Sheila Ford Hampton was born a billionaire, I think. Actually, that's how she became, right? Just popped, came into the world. I wonder if her and Terrence Howard have memories, you know, from the womb when she was a billionaire. I bet. Yeah, but just dodging Detroit. I didn't know that was happening. I just learned that right now. Wow. Yeah, I guess people are really, really upset about it. Oh, boo. So what, they went That's what happens when you're good at football. They went from $5 to $100? Yeah. Don't win the Z-Games. Welcome to Detroit. Winning a lot of games. The Lions announced that they have raised ticket prices for next season. I was listening to Metro Detroit area this afternoon, and a caller said the season tickets went from $4,000, which is very low, to $11,000 next season. Feels right. Okay, so Sheila Forham said. We've been in the 90s. Okay, because of how bad we are. We're getting back to where we are now. We have a football team. Wow. Hope that doesn't scare any Lions fans away. Probably will. Hope that doesn't bum any Lions fans out because this is the brand new Lions. Things are supposed to be on the up and up. Remember, the only bad thing was that halftime performance at Thanksgiving. Now, all of a sudden, we're charging. Last question here, Florio. We appreciate your room tone. What's that? No, I see why the performance associated. They only charged you $4,000 for season tickets. Yeah, they were already very cheap. We paid more money for fever season tickets than the Lions fans are paying. I don't think you guys should be that mad. That is not bad at all. You want to go to a game in Detroit? Sure, give us $0.14. Get your ass in here. That's it. Oh, my God. NFC North champs. Shoot, the Fort Ham's like, I'm losing money hand over fist. What do we do? Four grand. You see what the inflation is? You see what we're charging? I mean, we got nine games. My God. Come on. $4,000? That's how it goes. You get a fucking six-pack of beer and a couple free hot dogs Louise, Louise. Trying to run a business up there. Sounds like a soup kitchen going on. Not anymore, though. Now they're actually charging people and making money. Are they going to be able to win? We shall see. Last question here for you, Florio. We appreciate you. Florio, Matt Canada got a reference back there a couple minutes ago, and Artie Smith is in there, and everyone's raving about him. But who's going to be the quarterback? Because all wilson is the pole position tomlin loves russ wilson everybody loves russ wilson uh but field said he's not there to be the backup do you think that do you believe how happy everybody is with russ wilson so far well first of all my thought the night it was a saturday night i was down in the barn i was a few drinks in and we get the news that justin fields has been traded to the steelers and i had to compose myself and do a fucking video on Saturday night trying to slur my way through Justin Fields going to Pittsburgh. But even in my impaired state, I knew right away one name came to mind, Cordell Stewart, because even if Justin Fields isn't the starter, I think they get him on the field in packages where maybe Russ splits out wide. Maybe it's just like, remember, we used to see the old Wildcat. That was the thing for a couple of years before the defenses figured out how to shut it down, and then that was it for the Wildcat. But I think they're going to get him out there in certain situations. And I also think, you know, you mentioned pole position. That's what Tomlin said at the league meetings. Russell Wilson's in the pole position. Well, I don't know a whole lot about auto racing, but I know enough that the guy in the pole position doesn't always win. New gardens. So they got a long way to go here. And think about the Steelers fans. Think about preseason. Think about Justin Fields out there. If he's the second teamer running circles around the second string defense, and those Steelers fans fall in love with Justin Fields. They're going to be chanting Justin Fields just like they're chanting Jared Goff in Detroit. And the fans are going to push him onto the field unless Russ comes out and he's cooking like Seahawks days, not Broncos days. Yeah, and Artie Smith is going to have to be the one that has success on the offensive side of the ball. Anytime you follow somebody that's terrible at something, normally you're going to be held in good graces. So already coming in after Matt Canada, what a dream position for him. And he needs to bring that mustache back so he can really go over in Pittsburgh. But, like, Justin Fields, you know, there was a conversation about him maybe being a returner. He came out and said that's not real. But if he is the next coming of Slash in Pittsburgh, welcome back the next coming of Slash in Pittsburgh. Welcome back to beautiful times for Yinzers all over the world. Yeah, I saw a report. That kickoff thing, that kickoff thing, you know, we're not talking about that enough. That kickoff thing is going to change everything, and they can't practice it in OTAs. Andy Reid said that last week. How can you practice? You can't have full-speed practice. You're going to have weird kicks. Somebody was saying, I think it was Sean Payton. We want guys who are basically like third baseman and shortstops who can, because the ball is going to be coming in weird and landing in that zone. This is a revolutionary change of the game and it is going to have a major impact on this season. It's going to change field position and the teams that figure it out. And if you do put Justin Fields back there with Cordero Patterson, holy shit, can you imagine what the Steelers are going to do in that kick return game? Get the ball to 40 instead of the 20? You're going to score a lot more points that way. That is the thing that I think has been most underplayed this offseason, what this kickoff change is going to do to the game. Yeah, he gets about to 40 instead of 20. Only two first downs away from points as opposed to four. I mean, that is a vastly different series and a way to attack things. Think about like Tyreek Hill back there. I mean, everybody's on a standstill. Hill and Waddle. How about Hill and Waddle back there? I mean, McPherson came out and said it's a weird kick, obviously, because hang time does does not matter at all. McPherson, kicker for the Bengals who's been a stud, says it's definitely interesting. It brings a lot of placement into play. It's all touch. It feels weird for me. I'm used to kicking as high as I can, as hard as I can. Now I have to throw it inside the five-yard line in specific areas. It's definitely an adjustment. You have to play the wind a lot of those knuckle balls. You're going to see a lot of lower balls and pitch balls from the kickers. And then return game, because the two returners are allowed to move for the ball, throwbacks. I mean, 1,500 more plays they're projecting are going to happen. 1,500 more plays. It's amazing what they've done They started back in 2009-2010 When they finally took concussion seriously They started restricting and restricting And restricting the kickoff Down to the point where it was a dead play That's what Troy Vincent, the Executive VP of Football Operations Was calling it, a dead play They've gone to the absolute extreme now Where it's going to be a live play It's going to be something like we've never seen before All because they've taken out that that space where guys can run at each other and bang their heads and suffer serious injury potentially when they dip that helmet and the neck takes the forces and we have the kevin everett thing that happened to eric legrant that happened at rutgers that's what they've been trying to avoid now everyone's bunched together and that goes out the window. No, no. There's not the full speed. That's why they're bunching them together. They bunch them together to keep them from getting to full speed. But if that Tyreek Hill or Justin Fields or Cordero Patterson, all those guys are bunched together, you pop once and you're gone. You're gone. All you need is one lane discipline, little miss and it's gone. There's going to be a lot more touchdowns. I think so. Definitely a lot more. That's awesome. Guys out here running 10-2, 10-1, they'd only take one little scene. A little on the ball toss. Everybody's comfortable with throwing the ball. Yeah, like an option. Like everybody's comfortable with throwing the ball. Fuck. You think about. No, fuck, I lost it. They're going to need you out there. They're going to need you blowing up Trenton Holiday. Can't get past the 50. Believe me, that was my... The kicker's got to be back there. The kicker's all alone. Kicker, go make the play. Go put Trenton Holiday into the first row like you did that night. Amen. He wasn't the only one. Go watch the camera. You know how they're going to do it. Oh, yeah, what I want to say is the XFL had this, obviously. Something similar. There is difference, but the XFL brought this in. And this has been a kickoff practice thing for a long time. It's to on the thing. XFL guys are running four eights. No offense. Nobody's running a four two, four three in the XFL. If they were, they would be in the NFL. I don't think the success rate in the XFL for returns were as high, but if you watch a couple of those kickoffs, you get a guy who's got real juice back there. You're talking about some real space. With KC. Yeah, 4-2-1. Yeah, if he gets going. And Tony, you put Tony on the other side. Bingo. There's probably at least one on every team. You know what I mean? They obviously got to make the roster. And now they got a much better chance of making the roster. Now 1,500 more plays. So now it's great for those young kids who have opportunity. And probably some, obviously, Cordero. We talked about Waddle Hill. Maybe in certain situations, not every time, but definitely going to be a huge change in the game. If you can get the ball in your playmaker's hands, I mean, let's do it. The biggest thing is from the NFL and the other league is you can't move in the NFL. They was letting them go ahead and take off. So it's going to be way more returns for touchdown because I'm gonna be able to get my speed up together and you ain't gonna be able to run until I catch the ball yeah so imagine these fast guys doing four by 100 relay and you can't move and then you gotta adjust to them after they already yeah there's gonna be a lot I think there's gonna be a lot of uh a lot of this yeah I think it's gonna be a lot of oh yeah leverage as opposed to trying to get down the field but once again that's you're gonna have to figure out that side of it too as a special teams coordinator with the players. I think Bill Belichick brought up during draft night, he was like, the type of players now that you're going to try to get on your kickoff team is a completely different style of human that you would have to run for your special teams. He was like, this is, to your point, a lot bigger conversation than I think anybody's having right now, but it's just kickoff. Who cares? Pac-Man made a great point, though, and I hadn't thought of this. Because everybody else has to stay frozen in place, you can practice this idea of, I know where the kick's going to land, and I'm going to start sprinting, and I'm going to catch it while I'm moving. I'm not going to wait and catch it flat-footed like we see now. I'm going to learn how to run to it, catch it, and I've already got a head of steam and everybody else is standing still see you later yeah yeah that's standard stuff for kickoff returners at this stage like they are hitting the ball moving forward normally which is why those fucked up kicks are good i'm talking about i'm talking about i mean you can you you can get to you don't have to worry about anybody hitting you you can get the full speed now yeah yeah that's wild it is a and there's no like the xfl they had a whistle whenever the ball touched somebody that you were allowed to start. The NFL doesn't want to do the whistle because they think it's too many whistles. So there's going to be like a sign, I think, when people are allowed to. That's going to be a cluster. Nightmare. That is going to be. I mean, there's so much to it. How about video, like TV-wise? What do you. Hey, what if you go to field it, you see it, can't catch it, and you get away from it and it doesn't touch you? If it's in the landing zone, it's live ball. It's still live when it hits. If it hits the landing zone, it's live. But if it hits the landing zone, goes in the end zone, just 25-yard standard touchback or whatever. No, no, it's no. If it goes in the end zone,, you get it at the 40. It's like kickoff out of bounds, pretty much. There's a lot of shit. It's going to be... Here's what's going to happen. I don't want to say 90%. Let's just say 70% of the people who watch the games week in and week out during football season check out after the Super Bowl. When they show up, September 5th, on NBC. There's one guy. And they're going to be like, what the fuck is going on? Why is old buddy not? They changed something? Is that the team? Was there a penalty? Especially like team one-on-one. Growing up in Pittsburgh, there's NFL fans that only pay attention to the Steelers. And they're going to, week one, I'd say 90% of you just have no idea this rules a thing. It is going to be alarming on TV, I think. College still has old school, right? College and high school still do an old school kickoff. So people would, yeah. Five-yard run-up, I think, for college, right? Instead of the old school 10. i think they moved it to five yard run whatever it is hey florio thank you for taking time for us today great man great talking to you guys you know we got stanley cup in town lordo lordo's here oh wow oh man stanley cup's awesome it is i love the stanley cup great yeah pens suck though pens i know that that's made me less interested in it but you know what the thing about to anybody out there go to a hockey game i think once you go to a hockey game, you develop an appreciation for it. Once you go to a game and understand what offsides are and icing, you're good to go. You're a hockey fan for life. I still get confused by some icing calls. I still get confused. Yeah, it's very fickle. Yeah, it is. Because there'll be a race going on, and then they blow it, and then sometimes they don't blow it. That's what we're doing Let the boys play. Hey, remember the two-line pass? They got rid of the two-line pass a long time ago. The two-line pass was horrible. I never understood that fucking thing. You know what they got rid of that we need to bring back? These pucks need a little tail on them. Oh, the fox? The fox, a little red tail. It was too much, though. Like, I think fox did too much. You know, it was if we just had a little tail on that thing i think it'd be much easier to follow i think they need to get drones and they need to create the angle like when you're playing the ea game i think when you see the plays unfold that way you get a much better appreciation of hockey so the stadium series they have those oh yeah the stadium series has the skycam in the stadiums and it's awesome to your point it is awesome it is amazing that should be the default that should be the default view seeing the play as it develops i think people would get a much better appreciation and understanding of hockey if that was the case yeah we should do that for every play in the nfl too like madden all right nick that's a that's a hockey purist back there just called you a fucking idiot but without saying they it. Really? Oh, see. That's what he just said. Sorry, guy I don't know. Hey, here's a bison. Here's a bison as well. But that is what he said. In an answer to you, he just. That is what he. Is this. Yeah, here's the little. Bring back the glow. Here's the glow of the puck as opposed to. Yeah. Exactly. That's not funny. What year was that? That's too much. The glow is great. The red tracker is horrendous. Don't need the red tracker. That's too much. The tech right now is so much better. That's your old Gretzky video game. Yeah, I don't. Too much. How are you going to know if I got the last one? You're right. It only goes red ifockey's awesome. Florida. It does feel like the Penguins' glory days are potentially going to happen. Time to dismantle. The glory days have passed them by. The problem is the glory players are still on the team. It's time to move on and start over. Well, let's not move on from Sid. Let's keep Sid around. Okay, everybody but Sid. I don't think Sid's going to like that. Gino, it's been fun. It's time to move on. You can say it on me. Have you been paying attention to Buccos? We got two guys throwing hundo. Yeah, I mean, every time I pay attention to them, they do well. They fall apart. Hey, I'm still scarred by 1992 NLCS. Fucking Barry Bonds doesn't throw them out. 30 years later, I'm still waiting. We all are. We are currently down eight out. 30 years later, I'm still waiting. We all are. We just gave Barry. Put him in the hole. We are currently down 8-0 on Paul Skeens' program. Oh, there we go. He pitches the afternoon night cap. He pitches the next game. That's a good sign that they're getting all those runs out of the way now for Skeens later. Yeah, they're going to get cold bats whenever Paul Skeens walks up with the heat. For sure. So what do they have? They have Skeens for like two years, and then they'll play for the Yankees. Is that how it goes in baseball? Yeah. Will they be two years? Four. Maybe three. Probably a good four out of them. No, Florio. He's under contract. It's brand new Pirates. These are the new Pirates. We got merch. theirs. Pay the guy a million bucks a year. I was shitting on the salary cap in the NFL earlier, but thank God they have a salary cap. Thank God the NFL has found a way where every team has a chance. You can put a bad team into a good team pretty quickly. In baseball, it feels like once you're sucked into that vortex and your team's not spending money, you've got no chance of ever being anything. Pirates are back, though. Guy sold seven springs. Hear No. Guy sold seven springs. You hear about that? Owner sold seven springs. Oh. A couple years ago. Yeah, he's got more. Who owns it now? Does Bob Nutting still own it? Yeah, he sold seven springs. He does not own seven springs anymore. I did hear the tubing hill has gotten much better since he has sold it. I heard that is good. But, yeah, Nutting still owns the team. They own the newspaper. in the town I grew up in. I used to deliver their newspaper once upon a time. You're the problem. You're a part of the problem. I'm the problem. Yeah, you should have wrote on there, hey, don't be a fucking asshole whenever you're... All right, ladies and gentlemen, Mike Florio. See you guys. Thank you, Florio. All right, as we get the hell out of here on this glorious It's a New room here as everybody will address Lordo on what they learned from Lordo on the day. We'll start with you, AJ. AJ, what do you have to say to Lordo who you have obviously gotten intimate with in the past at your house with Jack Johnson, brother-in-law being a Stanley Cup champion in the past. Anything to say to Lordo here as the hockey playoffs continue to march on? Well, I love and respect everything that Lordo is, and I want to thank Lordo for allowing me to drink five to six beers out of the top of that sucker. But that thing is not light. You need multiple people to help you. A good friend of the program, my good buddy, General Bobby Carpenter, he tried to slurp some beer out of there for a while. We didn't have enough support underneath him. So, Lordo, love you, respect you. Hell yeah. Hell yeah, Lordo. I hope you feel that love Con man's got something for you Lordo Yeah Lordo just thank you for all that Can't hear you can't hear you Lordo thank you for all the fucking sand And grid and And jam you brought to the office today You look so fucking good Especially in this lighting I'm gonna fucking miss you Lordo I wish you could stay forever Hope you feel his love Lordo You can hear a little bit of that Ty has something to say to you, Lourdeau, as current reigning. Well, that's what I was going to say, Lourdeau. Technically, it was after, you know, the Golden Knights had won the Stanley Cup championship. I was, you know, on the team. So, I actually, I'm going to come take a closer look at you here lordo and see if my name's etched on there because i was technically on the roster um right down here yep exactly uh for either the ponders or the rangers or dallas or everything right here is vegas exactly so you know uh me and the the boys just want to say thank you lordo and yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna need to get a closer uh peek at that uh a little plate down there in a second here. Penguins and red wings right above it. Shut up. Look at that. Right there at the top, Super Mario. Your name's not on there, Ty. You sure? Yep, certain. Just look through it. I'll double check. No, I triple checked. It's not on there. I'll double check. No, I triple checked. It's not on her. I'll have to get some eyes on it myself. Nope, my eyes got LASIK pretty good. You might be yanking my chain, though, so I'm going to need to get over there and kind of examine Lordo and see if... Not bopping your meat at all. We'll see. Right down at the bottom, you're not on. You sure? Yeah, it's a comment box? What was that Zamboni ride for then? No kidding. That was this season. Yeah, because he won the Lordo. That's why he got to do it. Coronation almost. Sounds like you were fed some mumbo jumbo. It is starting to sound like a bit of mumbo jumbo. Tom Diggs, anything to say to Lordo? Obviously a trophy that is very well known around Pittsburgh. Yeah, Lordo, my Lordo. I've seen you five times in my lifetime. It's come to sweet home. One time in person, I shared a drink with you at Mario's Southside Saloon, and it was delicious, and I miss those times, and I wish you would come back home. Just come back home, Lordo. I don't know if that's going to happen. Remember Canadian accent? It's a Lordo accent. South African, southern, and Canadian. Pittsburgh. It's my Lordo. That's how I talk to Lordo. He knows. Lordo knows. Understands better. Lordo's heard you before. Pac-Man, anything to say to Lordo? Obviously, you are a massive Las Vegas Golden Knights fan as well. Yes. Yeah. Lotto, just get back to Vegas. Everything happened in Vegas stays in Vegas. Oh. But not Lotto. Lotto fucking knows. Lotto knows. They actually gave him a good wash when he left Vegas. I can't imagine what fucking Wild Bill did with that thing. Oh, Jackie Aces. Think about Jackie Aces. Soner. Soner did say it had a bit of a fucking runaway with this thing. It was a bit of a gong show. He said both, yeah. D-Bud, I know you refused to touch Lordo, which is an embarrassment, but anything to say to Lordo that hung out with us today here? Lordo, great to see you. I expect to see you soon. We got close last year. I know you were just waiting in all your wisdom to come back on our 30th anniversary of the program being around. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Can't wait to see you here down at Sunrise again. Hockey time. Love you, Lorto. Foxy, this thing obviously took a couple visits to Detroit back whenever they weren't wearing helmets and playing hockey. Anything to say to Lorto? Well, you said visits. Those weren't visits, Pat, because I feel bad for Lorto because Lorto has a home. And he hasn't been to his home in quite some time. They got $4,000. Where would Lotto live? He would live in a place called Hockey Town. And Hockey Town is Detroit, Michigan. So I know Lotto has been very, very sad for quite some time at this point. So I just need you to get back home, Lotto. at this point, so I just need you to get back home, Lourdes. Get back to Hockey Town. Did you get that? Lourdes got that. He can hear you. All right, good. You want Lourdes to say it back? Fuck you. Fuck you. Holy shit. That wasn't me. Wow. No, I heard it. Lourdes didn't say that. Lourdes speaks. Lourdes didn't say left town you guys had no shot everything we've had that many many times i cannot wait for mr padar to put that right over his head in the next couple years that's your message to lordo it didn't feel like a mess you're coming back home baby well now everybody's saying it's home i mean you do it spanish guys i did can you speak spanish to lordo see come home okay that sounded english here's lord i guess his mail i'm not gonna be the one that's the sign Okay. That sounded good. That was English. Can you translate that? How's that? He understood. Here's Lorde, I guess, is male. I'm not going to be the one that's the silent protest. No way. No way. Come on. No way. Stanley Cup. Yeah, you're right. What are you saying? I've never met a woman named Stanley. What about Lorde? Thank you, AJ. That's Ohio. What's her last name? Swami Samsonite. Speaking of Cup, Nick, anything to say to Lordo here? I got the earpiece up. Thank you, Pat. Yes, Lordo, it's been an absolute treat to see you raised above our great player sets five times in the city of Pittsburgh. We hope to see it again someday soon. It's almost more than all of your guys' teams combined in the room here, so it's pretty sweet. Good to see you again, my friend. Thank you. Almost, he said, almost. Get rid of you guys. It's almost. Speaking of team, that's a bunch of losers. Texas hockey, anything to say? Thank you for joining us today, Lordo. It does feel like 99. I know you feel it too, so you have fun in Texas soon. Gonna party like it's 1999. I'm not allowed to pick it up, but I am allowed to. What about Mitt? I'm not letting Mitt talk much. That's been a new decision. To lower the family cup? What happened? Why? Yes. I just think that's probably the right move. That decision's been coming for a long time. That decision's been made. It was a damn good one. It was. You know, if he doesn't talk or do anything, he might be on Amazing Race next year. So it's like we just need him to stay out of his own way. And sometimes that's a decision that just has to be made for somebody. And congrats to Mitt. We made that decision for him. Just staying out of his own way. Lordo gets it. Yeah just staying out of his own way. Lordo gets it. Lordo's seen the evolution of Mitt. Believe me. Sweet shirt today. What's going on, Mitt? Fuck you. Yeah, dude. Smart, man. Fuck you. Respect, Lordo. Smart, man. Don't put me on a mic or hear any buttons. Smart. Ottawa, right here, versus Brandon. Smart man. Don't put me on a mic or near any buttons. Smart. Yeah. Ottawa right here versus Brandon. 1904. Oh Brandon was a good team. Fucking Brandon Ontario. Here's 1905. Ottawa versus Dawson. Here's 1904. Ottawa versus Wanderers. That's a different league. Here's 1904. Ottawa versus Marlboro. Marlboro, Matt? Oh Ottawa vs Marlboro Marlboro Matt? Oh yeah Marlboro is a tough squad So what is the top? Where's Mirror? Those are the first ones 1904 1904 They legitimately might have played 3 seasons At the top When there's 6 teams So that's 1903 there. Dogs. Is that Montreal? And then there's 1904, 1904, 1904, 1905. See the Victoria Cougars on there? 1925. Milwaukee's best. The original hockey town. 1925? We know our old fuckers are going to retire. Where's that? South Florida, babe. Yeah, because didn't they say last year now they take off the top? But once the bottom is filled, they take the top layer off, send it to the Hall of Fame, and move everything up. Man, we got to keep adding. Yeah. Or just slice the top off because none of that matters before 1975 or so. And then just drop the cup down? Yeah, exactly. Oh, no, you can't drop the cup down. What if your grandpa played on a team like in 1940 and won the cup? He's probably dead. You've got to go to the Hall of Fame and see it. Well, your grandpa probably did. You've got to go to the Hall of Fame and see it. Yeah. Chris Jericho's dad won a cup, I think. Hell yeah, he did. Von Kluver here. Is that true? He's defeated Seattle in 1917. The Supersonics? His score was 1-0. A great game. He even had the score on here. 1927 here, Ottawa Senators. 1926, 1925, right here. Victoria Cougars. There it is. The original Hockey Town, boys. Never forget it. All right. I don't think this little fucking piece of metal right here says that. Hey. I don't think that's what I saw. Check the history books, brother. I don't think that. I mean, I'm pulling out the monocle or magnifying glass to find it. I don't think that's where Hockey Town is. Well, we wouldn't say it on there for Detroit either or Pittsburgh. Well, it says it for Pittsburgh. It's definitely not Pittsburgh. It said it right there. There's only one Hockey Town. All over the place. The lower, perhaps. Yeah, well, we didn't exist here. I mean, that's the thing about Hockey Town, right? It the bottom to see where it's made in. It's not China. Where is it made? Probably. It might be Toronto. In England? That's fucking Canada's fault, man. That's Canada's fucking fault. In England? I can't believe we let the Brits touch it. That's fucking Canada's fault, man. It's coming home. That's Canada's fucking fault. Look how beautiful this thing is. Now we've got to think, oh, the English. That stinks. Montreal, though. Yeah. It's fun. So quick research. Before 1912, you could challenge for the cup and defend it at any time. So that's why there are multiple winners. Like a challenge for the Cup and defended it anytime. That's why there are multiple winners. That's the coolest thing of all time. Ottawa just took down all comers here. 19-0 to the Cup! 19-0-4. Marlboro said we want some. Just one game? Winnipeg said we want some. Winnipeg said they wanted some. Winnipeg, Ottawa wanted some. Is that why it's 1-0? Winnipeg, Ottawa, takes on Marlboro. 1904, this is just the most tried championship in the history of hockey. The Wanderers take on Ottawa. Everybody wanted a piece. Brandon wanted a piece of Ottawa. And then in 1905, guess who won again? Ottawa won again. They beat Dawson. Then they take on Kendra. Kendra was fucking coming. Kendra was tough. Good team. These individual people. Did Brandon just put together a team? It's like TST. Anybody can put a team together. Kendra was like, fucking Brandon is going to get a team together. I'm going to get a team. Kendra is actually sister of Brando. They were saying, sister of Oh, Brendo. Me or Senya. It's called Kenora. Oh, Kenora. Kenora is, so it's not Kendra. Writing is so tiny on there. That's a fucking D. That is a D. I don't know if we know. Kenora. I'm certain that's a D. Kenora should feel disrespected. Who does the inscription? That's a lot of pressure. Who's the artist, Mira? If you're doing it. Who's doing the... Oh, I'm trying to get Louise. She was the... She was my girlfriend. She was my girlfriend. Louise Saint-Jacques. Louise Saint-Jacques. Louise Saint-Jacques. Merci beaucoup. Kenora Yeah, messy bug who can or is a beautiful city in Ontario. Yeah. Well the cup says fuck it. Yeah, don't care French Canadians you never know also back there the hundreds they even knew how to spell hang of They couldn't spell in the 1900s, Con? Well, this is a different language. Remember Malt and All? Who decided how anything was spelled anyway? World War II. They did a lot in the 1900s, as we've noticed today. Remember? World Wednesday. Yeah, we did. Shout out to Josh Gibson, by the way. That's a player of all time. Some people forget. We don't. Not on this program. We don't. We did real journalism today. Shout out to Russell Dorsey stopping by. He's been on for about a week and a half, you said? It's not that long. February, yeah. I thought legit this was... A year and a half, two years. Yeah, me too. That's why I said, week, month, what's going on? He said, this has already happened. He basically said, this has already happened. He basically said this has already been decided. We're just kind of now announcing it. Put the story together in about a week and a half. We appreciate him taking time. This thing is beautiful. Thank you for hanging out today, Lordo. Obviously, you're not real, so we've got to thank Mira for making the trip to Indiana. Thank you, Mira. Hey, Mira, let them know that Indianapolis would be a great home to an NHL team. Great home to an NHL team. Maybe you come to... Yes, let's do that. I'm doing it right here. Yep, smart, smart, smart. You also haven't fully spoken to Lourdeau. Oh, yeah. He knows. I've already talked to him. How'd they decide on the design of Lordo? They said, what's great looking? Yeah. A cop. Need a fucking cop for sure. I'm calling the owner of the Utah Soap. It's not their name. I know. I mean, that's pretty good. That's the first time we've done that one. That one's sweet. Stop at the K. Pretty cool. Hey, we're live. Oh Hey, we're live. Oh, no. Yeah, but I'm standing with something that you can only dream of, pal. What's that? You know what that is? Bro, that's the cup. Yeah, you're damn right it is, Ryan. Yeah, it is. What if he didn't know? Yeah, I'm happy you knew that. Whoa, it's that silver thing. Me too. I'm very happy. We're going to fill that full of Diet Mountain Dew and all sorts of stuff. Could you imagine the soaking that's going to take place with this thing when it gets to Utah? Bro, I've seen that before. I've never been away. How'd you get that there? Mira brought it. Mira's a keeper of the cup from the NHL. Oh, okay. It's on a little bit of a tour, you know, before the Stanley Cup Finals, and we got a chance to see it. I'm allowed to touch it. You now are at the point of your life where you're not allowed to touch this thing because you own a team. You know that. Hey, bro, is there a security person with it? Yeah, Mira. Mira, right over there. Let's see. Bring that person in. I want to meet. I've only heard. Fucking earn it, Ryan. Why don't you guys win? How far along are we on the team We're coming. We're coming. Like Soakie? Oh, man. Top one. They'll be out soon. Of course they are. All right. We can't wait to see what team you... What is the only favorite? Do you know? Well, I think our four. Like, we've got our four. I think, you know, Mammoth's up there. I think Yeti's up there. I think a couple other ones are up there. It should be good. The Soak? He didn't make the cut, bro. I'm sorry. You're going to have to tell the boys. What about the Black Diamonds? Yeah, Black Diamonds? I know they took that survey a thousand times just trying to get it up. It wasn't enough. They actually wouldn't fill in their emails. No thanks. Yeah, smart play by. Do they have email? Oh, man. Mormons with the jokes, huh? Hey, good luck winning Lordo. Okay? Good luck winning Lordo. Hey. Hey, quite the run there in Indy. Yeah, you're damn right. All right. I'll see you soon, brother. Okay. See you, bro. Bye. In his office. What a guy. Probably in the middle of four calls. Mm-hmm. He's excited to meet Mira, though. Hell yeah. He does want to meet you. Mira, Ryan Smith, owner of the Utah yet-to-be-named hockey team, said he thinks you're a legend. Can't wait to meet you someday. Yep. She's like, no. I agree. No chance that guy's going to Utah. Boys, great work today. Pac, you want to do a giveaway here? Yep. Yep work today. Pac, you want to do a giveaway here? Yeah. Yeah. I love it. He fully thinks about it before he answers. Well, he doesn't know if he wants to put himself in a position or not. It's up to you. Hey, take your time. On you. Would you... You can drain a shot. What do you think about doing? I'll drain a shot. What shot? Basketball? Football? What did you think when you... Drain shot. What shot did you think? It was basketball? Okay, perfect. You want to use W ball like your Caitlin Clark? You want to use NBA ball like your Luca? Okay, I like that. Jay Tatum. Jay Tatum. Jay Lynn Bryan. What type of shot do you want to do? You go from the corner? You want to do up front? What are you thinking? Foul shot? Then you only get one. Oh. I'll take the foul shot. Oh. Okay. That's free throw? One shot to rule them all. Only got one. Good luck. Great shoes, obviously. Fit is phenomenal. All the smoke available on all the platforms right now with the official Pac-Man Jones and Jody Breeze. At the line here, all Pac's got to do is knock it down. And if he does, 20 people will win $500 on this Lord Stanley Cup. Money. Money. Never a doubt. What a shot. What a shot. Never a doubt. So much confidence. Download all the smoke. Go ahead and play it. That was a great shot. That was phenomenal. People are missing foul shots all the time. Well done. Way to go. Never a doubt. Never a doubt. 95% career high school free throw shooter. Wow. Like J.J. Redick in college. All right. We're out of here. Two to win the championship game. Two straight? Yeah. game. Two straight? Yeah. Should have never doubted. Not that I did. I'm saying there was a little bit of a intensity. Only one shot. That's all you need. Don't miss your chance to blow. Because opportunity comes once in a lifetime. Yo. Lordo. Smell me? Lordo. The same M can't afford those season tickets to the Lions game. Marshall Mathers? Yeah. Yeah, well, I mean a bump in $7,000 is quite a large leap when it comes to season ticket prices. Over double. Over double what you normally. So I assume some tickets are $50,000. Are they $125,000 now? They were giving out $4,000 season tickets. I think that's the biggest story. How do we not cover that? That was every game. You got every game for $4,000. Two How do we not cover that? That was every game. You got every game for four grand. Two preseason games. You got to be sitting, what, on the shitter? Is that a toilet seat? Anyways, we don't need to talk about that shit because it's a new day in Detroit. Yes, it is. That's what winning does. That is what winning does. Well, you guys won this a few times. Then what happened? Oh, the Red Wings fans show up. The Red Wings fans love the Red Wings. How about the Red Wings themselves? Well, I mean, Lorto's coming home soon. That's all that matters. Might go there before it goes to Pittsburgh, I will say. Definitely. Yeah. No doubt about that. We're rebuilding. Eisenman, we trust. You guys are like two years behind. Yeah. You're wrong. All right, we're out of here. AJ, great work today. Lordo, great work. You did great. Honestly, my message to you is that you're just, you're phenomenal, okay? Don't ever forget it. Don't let your light stop shining. I know how many parties you're about to be in and through, and that liver's got to be pretty fucked. Oh, boy. and that liver's got to be pretty fucked with how many good times, especially with the hockey boys. The hockey lads. It's a runaway every single time. Keep doing it. Keep leading the way. We appreciate you. Yeah, I mean, I didn't want to do it, but you are the father. Unlike Mark Davis. You are the father. Two Mark Davis. You are the father. Two Lordos, one pick. What a dream. What a day. Can't wait to see the Florida Panthers win this battle. Looks so good in elbow room. Can't wait to see the Dallas Stars. Here we go, Pats. Can't wait to see the Edmonton Oil. Boo. How about the New York Rangers? Boo. That's what this thing does. That's right. Yeah. Changes lives, changes moods, changes dreams. We appreciate you. All right, we'll be back tomorrow. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life like our friends at Dude Wipes. Seriously, we'll be back tomorrow. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life like our friends at Dude Wipes. Seriously, saved my life this morning. Thank you, Dude Wipes. Love you, Dude Wipes. Thank you, Dude Wipes. I was in a couple battles during commercial break this morning. Dude Wipes was the tag team partner that I didn't even know that I needed in the time that I did. It's a bath for your ass. It's a dude life. All right. We're going to sing together. Team on me. Hand in, Lordo. Hand in. Thank you. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye. Thank you. We'll see you next time. Thank you.