Thank you. so so Thank you. Thank you. I'm not afraid to be alone so so so The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go! This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We walk out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello beautiful people and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this big Journalism Thursday, May 30th, 2024, this program starts now. Sport! This program starts now. Sports and journalism are like love and marriage. Love and marriage. Go together like a horse and carriage. This I tell you. Nerds, we got a bunch of journalism happening today. So many journalists stopping by. Now, it'll be their first time ever on our show because we don't talk to stupid journalists ever. Sham Sharania will be joining us in about 10 minutes or so. Jet Passon will join us in about 40 minutes or so. Mike Greenberg, who's in two Hall of Fames, I believe, in the journalism world, I think. He'll be joining us for the first time ever in the second hour to start that thing off and then we might have a surprise guest or two but we do know in the third hour on ESPN plus YouTube and TikTok B-Stew will be joining us okay Brianna Stewart of the New York Liberty now obviously I was not familiar with her game before I saw her take on the Indiana Fever in Caitlin Clark's home debut here at the feel the pain bridge field house here in Indiana and I'll tell you what there was one person that was running around on that court that was certainly impressive. And it was that one four time national champion in college, two time champion and a lady who just dominates everything. And she has announced that she's part of the ownership group of a new women's three on three league called unrivaled that will be averaging about $240,000 a year salary. The average WNBA salary, $120,000. So B-Stew, not only a GOAT on the court, but definitely in the business world and in the, hey, let's build the game world. Shout out to her. Can't wait to talk to her. We'll also be talking to Shams Rani, who brought the news about that, in a matter of moments. Last night, the NHL had quite a buzzer. The Dallas Stars go into Edmonton, Canada. Now, I didn't know where the hell Edmonton was just about a week or two ago. But then I found it on a map. It's way up there. It's far up there. I don't know how long the flight would be from here, but it looked like a distance that I'm not willing to travel in the middle of a weekday. Right. Okay, that's what I felt. But it looks like an electrifying time. The Edmonton Oilers throughout this entire series have been dominant in the first period, and then they kind of fall off. The Texas Hockey Squad, the team that hasn't won since 1999, is a second and third period dominant team. Well, last night, flip the script on its head. Dallas Stars go into Edmonton, into the rowdy crowd, and they go up two zip. So much so that Connor and I are actually watching along. We're going, oh, Gump, look at this. How about it? Look at this. Go, go. The Dallas Stars are dominating early. Myself, Connor, and the entire world goes, congrats to the Dallas Stars flipping the script on its head, starting out hot when normally they've been cold as... Shit. Edmonton Ice. Ah, there it is. But boy, as soon as this tweet was sent by me, and then a matter of moments after the tweet was sent by Connor, the Edmonton Oilers will go on and score five straight... They end up dominating the Dallas Stars, who crumble in Edmonton, and you would think that maybe the home ice advantage is why the team crumbled. That is certainly a potential outcome. But also, McDavid had a couple assists, including one where he banked it off Otter's pad. On purpose. That move right there, if you're new to hockey, right here. Off the pad, that's on purpose. Because he has to do that. If he doesn't do it, it's a goal. So it's either a goal or it's going to be a bank pass perfectly to a teammate who's going to score a goal. Absolutely filthy. And now we have a 2-2 series in the West. Okay. And a 2-2 series in the East. There's four teams left. They all have an equal opportunity to make it to the Stanley Cup Finals, and hockey is buzzing. The Stanley Cup Finals in hockey is buzzing. Congrats to the NHL. Let's go. And congrats to Edmonton. Kind of answering the problem that they have had throughout the beginning of this series, which is not being able to finish games. They certainly finished and buried the Dallas Stars last night. One half of the hammer. Down. Cowboys. Bubba Gumpino, obviously a massive Dallas Stars fan. I know he was certainly bopping his meat early. Oh, yeah. You know, because of what the Dallas Stars do. How do we recover from this? Is this just a standard playoff game in Edmonton? Things like this are going to happen? Or are you a little bit worried about the boys maybe not being able to buzz for three periods anymore? I think we will bounce back, but we need Tanev. Tanev went down hurt, did not return. We got him at the trade deadline. He kind of changed everything for us. He is massive. We need him to win this series and the Stanley Cup, if possible. How do you feel about McDavid saying, hey, Otter, you're going to help me out here? How do you feel about that entire series of events right there? Didn't love it. The first goal was Otter would usually just catch that. It was a bad rebound, and we had the chance to go up 3-0. Skinner made a big save there as well. I loved watching Otter. Loved watching Otter just use his stick. That was cool. He said, love the way I do it. Do it with no hands. Put that thing down behind him. Made a big-time save here on McJesus. McDavid, sorry. He was going to bank that in off the post and set his stick with no hands on it. Says enough for me got me to the big dance let me go ahead and help you out utilizing physics and geometry to go ahead and keep that thing out that's smart play saw king henry uh in the intermission uh goaltender uh formerly for uh new york and did he play anywhere else i think just the ring at the end of his career went to washington but had issues with his heart had the surgery incredibly handsome incredibly handsome legendary goalie obviously he said that his hockey camps he does teach the goalies He's like, hey, if you're going to lose your stick, have it at an angle and maybe save his smart. And everybody then said, shut up. Well, and Otter obviously went to the King Henry camp. And hockey is buzzing. We're excited about it. We've got a game tonight. We've got some basketball tonight. We've got good things to chit-chat about. The talk table is here. At Boston comments sweet hat thank you very much i i got it at the bruins game when i was home in massachusetts did they win no they didn't and that's why i hadn't worn it and that's why when i was watching you were there they lost i was there they lost just like d butch uh but i was uh you know looking at the hat last night before going to bed after watching that incredible game and i said damn i miss hockey so much so i figured you know what even though they lost i'm still proud to be a Bruins fan. I can still wear the hat even though, you know, currently they are losers technically in the grand scheme of things. And the man on the moon is all we got going on here. Yeah, I don't know. Like I said, I've just been kind of reaching in, grabbing something off a hanger, and this was the one that I grabbed last night. And I said, you know, it kind of makes sense with the They are sleeping. They aren't playing hockey right now. There aren't pucks on ice in Boston land. Cats in the cradle in the silver spoon. On your shirt, it looks like a man is the moon. Looks good, dude. Hey, thank you. Kind of spooky. It looks like an October shirt. Oh, really? Okay, so I have a purple one with wolves that I kind of have slated as my standard October shirt. Okay, I love that. One half of the hammer. Cowboys turn. Diggs is here looking sweet. Obviously infatuated by the shirt as well. Looks like he ran a bit of a trance. If you look at the odds right now for the NHL Stanley Cup, Dallas loses last night. Still have pretty good odds to win this entire thing. Are you betting on this? Are you sprinkling a little bit? How do you feel about it? Yeah, Panthers and Stars are still the favorites. I'm not... I have developed a fandom for one team this postseason. I just love the way that they play, and that's the Florida Panthers. That's where my money lies and that's where my heart lies. And they're the odds-on favorite, so a pretty easy pick for somebody. They are the odds-on favorite at that certain book. Some books have the Panthers and Stars with the exact same odds. And that's the final that I want to see because I love the way the Dallas Stars play. Both of those teams have a lot of sandpaper grit and jump, and that's how I like my hockey to be played. Edmonton Oilers, New York Rangers, that's all flash. That's a flash in the pan if you're going to ask me. So the teams at the top right there. That's who I'd like to see in the finals, especially for my good friend, Bubba Gumpino over there. Yeah, but you'd be pulling against him hard. That's what it sounds like. No, not to his face, not publicly, not on this show. Just behind him. Hand in your pocket. Because, yeah, he actually cares. And when I'm rooting for sports and someone around me actually cares, I don't like to do that to them because if they did that to me, I'd be pissed. Well, D-Bud actually cares, though, too. That's a double-edged sword. I think D-Bud does actually care, but Gumpy cares a little bit more. Yeah, well, it sounds like maybe there's something else to that, isn't there? Sounds like there's something more. What's wrong? NHL tonight, Diggs' Panthers against the Rangers. That will be at 8 o'clock on ESPN. And then the NBA tonight, 8.30 Mavericks at Timberwolves. Obviously, that series is at 3-1. Everybody's waiting for the Dallas Mavericks to put that away. But is Ant-Man and Cack going to just go down quietly? I don't think they're going to. We shall see. Obviously, Luka and Kyi on the left side of the screen he is uh supposed to be the duo that is going to be taking on the right side of the screen which is ant-man and carl anthony towns especially on the right side there that that is a duo on this a tag team matchup big time that is what it is rudy gobert is obviously in there and there's other stars playing for the maps but we got a duo versus duo battle who's going to show up? Luka and Kyrie have seemingly shown up every single game. Ant-Man and Cat showed up in one game, game four together. And it's like, will that continue to be the case? Will this roll on? Or do we have forever to wait until the NBA Finals start because of TV scheduling, which is not until June 6th. A week from today. Okay, so we got... Four weeks. We need this one to carry on. Maybe get some legs and go here. And carry on. Joining us right now is a man who knows more about basketball than we do. Senior NBA insider at the stadium, the athletic, Fando TV, and also on his burner, NBA Central, Sean Schreier. Yeah! You know it. Pat, I saw this song that you guys dropped. That's right. Shams Raya. Yeah. Shams. You know it. Pat, I saw this song that you guys dropped. Was that Ty and BC? Are they dropping bangers like Not Like Us? Is that what's going on right now? I don't know which one. We sang two songs to start the show already. A little bit of sing-along season here in the offseason. Things get a little bit loose. Shams, if you want to get uh on a track we would love it you you start singing we'll just kind of yep okay now the floor is yours i can sing i'm sure i'm not i'm not gonna sing right now but we can you know we got a whole hold off on that we have to sell it the right way uh but i'm gonna hype myself i think i can sing so we got we don't worry about the selling we'll we'll chop screw this thing like with dj down here. We will make this thing, you know, go. You know, we will certainly. We'll put a mixtape out, maybe remixes. We'll send it out to some DJ. We'll sell the hell out of this. All you got to do is just sing right now. Now's the time. Sell it, Sean. Worldwide leader. Yeah. Do it, Pat. I'm holding out on you guys, but I got a little falsetto. Oh, we thought America. Yeah, I thought it was more of a bass. Yeah, a little bit down there. You know, like a nice bluesy. You know, like Smoke a Thousand Sigs. Hit a microphone. That's what we think whenever we look at you, Shams. No, no, no. I've got a falsetto. I'm more on the soft side. We're romantics on this side, Pat. I see how you are. I see you all with the kiddo, with the wifey. I'm trying to follow your path now. We see you caking on TV all the time. On the internet, actually, we see you caking literally every single time. I see your likes too, Sean. What? They're pretty testy, my brother. Whoa. I'm just screwing with Sean. Okay. Sean Charania. Let's talk Sean Charania. Okay. So you made the announcement this morning, obviously a big one. And we all heard of Ice Cube and the Big Three making an offer for Kaitlyn Clark that was supposed to be multiple millions. And it was however many X, whatever her rookie salary was going to be for the WNBA. So people like us were like, she has to consider it. She has to consider it with the amount of money that's available for how short her potential career can be in the grand scheme of her entire life. And maybe this will open more avenues for more money for women's basketball. And then everybody that basically knew Caitlin Clark and knew women's basketball came back and like she wants to grow. Like she wants to grow the league. She it's a much bigger mission than just herself and i think she's learned that from the ogs around the wmba and one of them is goat who'll be joining the show beast who she was a part of the announcement they're creating their own big three and ownership uh from the players and when is this going to happen it's going to happen in in football season what are we how far along are we here and this is brilliant genius and i love everything about it especially with what was being reported the average salary and what that was going to be how does this work what is the expectation how long has this been in the works sean's sean the floor is yours don't have to sing it here the this has been in the works for a while and the one difference between this and the big three and really other league opportunities that are out there is that this is an american league in the United States. It'll be played in Miami. They already have a facility of 1,000 fans, LED system. It's going to be a pretty big-time facility arena that they already have for this unrivaled league. And the part is they can play in the States, they can play in Miami, and it's going to happen not during the summertime. We know in the summer is the WNBA season, which is going to start pretty soon here in the calendar. This will be played in the wintertime. The first season will start January 2025, and like you said right there, Brianna Stewart, her and Nafisa Collier, who plays for the Minnesota Lynx, they're both co-founders of this league. So two WNBA stars, all-star caliber players, best in the WNBA, and two moms as well, two women that understand kind of what women have to deal with, having to go play abroad to make more money additionally to support their families and their livelihoods, along with that WNBA salary, the average WNBA salary, Pat, is $120,000. I'm told this salary is going to be significantly higher, double the average salary in this league. And you think about the Supermax contract that we see in the WNBA right now, it's about $241,000. I'm told the top players in this unrivaled league will be significantly more, could be double that amount. significantly more could be double that amount um this league is it has has a has a big array of rolodex of investors that are involved now carmelo anthony to name one steve nash alex morgan soccer star just off the top of my head here but i think the fact that this runs opposite of the wmba season it's another option for these women to play in come come winter time and so you have your wmba salary for some of these players along with this this significantly elevated numbers that they're that they're giving these players that this is this sets a record the highest average salary in women's professional sports history and that is a key mark. And I am curious, how does this affect the WNBA salaries moving forward? How does this affect other leagues that are trying to replicate something like this? We still don't know who the players will be. There's going to be at least the first 30 signings of this league. I'm told there's already a few WNBA All-Stars finalizing deals with the league. We'll get some of those names soon. And those salaries will be significant when you think about what the wnba uh is paying right now to these players but you know when you get all of these players together the first 30 also get equity in the league so depending on how big the league goes i'm not sure if let's say player 32 33 let's say there's a superstar player that joins the mix at 40 like do they still get equity i'm? I'm not quite sure yet, but definitely at least the first 30 will. And it's a three-on-three league. They're going to play full court. It's a shortened court, kind of more widespread, allows a lot more of a potentially fun game. And this is going to be all-stars filling this league. It's not going to be any end-of-bench, I think, players. This is going to be the best of the best that this league is trying to put forth. Okay, so I love everything about it. Congratulations to the league creating and the records and the money being broken. And there's obviously a lot of follow-ups. So with that much money being paid, you would obviously assume, how many weekends would it be? How many games would it be? And are we certainly going to come to a point where people are going to play six, seven years in WNBA, maybe get their legacy established in WNBA, and then, wait, I only have to work in the winter, and I'm getting paid 3x what the W's pay. I think there's a chance that the W, is the W a part of this or not at all? As of right now, the W is not a part of this. It's going to be looking at least a couple games a week for this league. That starts in January. And they're still trying to figure out exactly who's going to be able to stream this game, where will it air, how will it stream, all those details still that they're trying to figure out. Of course, January is still a little bit of time away. Now it's about signing the right players, getting the right players in the mix. In a way the wmba is involved right like the best the best players in this league and the players that founded this league rayon stewart and the physical year they are wmba all-stars they are big parts of the wmba and so this entire league will be spearheaded by wmba players that are trying to forge their own path trying to find their own path in terms of having another pathway of getting salary, getting money, and in a way where you're not being forced to go abroad to earn your living and earn an additional living along with the WNBA salaries. I love the ownership. Is there going to be a four-point shot and everything like that? Are they taking anything from the big three? Because that's only half court, obviously. They're doing full court. will they all be played it's you said in miami they'll all play there that is where it'll just be hubbed pretty much so living in miami during the winter getting paid 3x what they're getting paid i didn't even think about it i i i didn't even think about it like that yeah living in miami in january for some of these actually for a lot of people in the world in the united states of america especially. I'm in Chicago. You guys are in India. You guys know how it gets in here. Yeah, bingo. I'm just thinking about, let's think about B-Stew. So she has ownership in the league. She's living in Miami potentially for two months, whatever it is. And she's getting paid significantly more than another league. The W is going to have to figure out a way to be a part of that. Or there's a chance, you know, like it's just natural. And the reason why I think about that is I think I'm coming from an athlete's perspective. I'm not saying I'm an athlete, but I got a chance to know a lot of guys that were professional athletes. And it's like, where's the money? Where's the money? And then also happiness and gig and free time and what the W is. I mean. Significantly smaller workload. Yeah, the workload. But they don't have to choose, right? They could do both. Certainly. But I'm just saying what's going to happen is. Like you said, people like Beast do. Like her legacy in the W is already established. So why would you not be like, all right, I'm going to play two more seasons, then I'm just going to do the Miami thing for the next 10 years. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. desirable alternative to the WNBA you know and that is definitely desirable definitely desirable I will say the WNBA that it's a platform right and we're starting to see changes chartered flights we're seeing a lot of changes I think the the WNBA is going to continue to make changes I think it's only going to elevate itself and we see players like Caitlin Clark they're invested in the WNBA future they want the WNBA to succeed. And overall, this is a league that's, what are we, 25 years into this league? Oh, my God. And overall. Think of it, Shams. You're talking about, imagine if somebody in there is just like a revolutionary spirit. Okay, just they have that. They have a revolutionary spirit. They go, hey, if we only play and we're all the best players in this particular league, then what? That's what I'm saying. That's not inevitable. I guess I should not just think like that. You're right, but I do think these players are invested in the WNBA. They have a level of equity that they built in the league. This is all subject to for nows, right? In terms of if this league takes off and it gets a life of its own and it's looked at as a much better alternative, paying a lot more money. For sure. I mean, maybe one day. I'd never say never. I just know that these players, you think about Kaitlyn Clark, right? The amount of deals that she has off the court, like kudos to her, that she has off the court like kudos to her everyone around her camp you know everyone talks about the wmba salaries but it is a platform that she's on and also the ability to earn significantly more money it is more money that she would have been able to earn in nil money like there was this talk what if she just stays another year at iowa like you're making significantly more money being able to sign actual deals not nil deals signing actual the nike deal that that that she's going to be on that's that's a deal that's well worth well over 20 million dollars over multiple years and so that's not the only deal she has i believe wilson just came out with something with her so she's got a ton of deals and a lot of these players are finding these additional brands and these additional outlets uh to make money and A lot of it is based on the platform they built for themselves. We're going to talk to Bistu in the third hour, but my head is just rolling about, yeah, we got all those endorsements. We got the best league. She's the one to ask if she's trying to take over the WNBA. She would know. Also, if I assume Caitlyn's going to be one of the first 30 that's going to get ownership in there. For sure. Now, she should be able to negotiate. Hopefully her people, great business people. I hope they do it right. They seemingly are. Seemingly are doing everything. Friend of the program. Friend of the program. She's been on one time. Yeah, she was great. She offered. I think she's going to want to come back on. We'll see if that is possible in this entire thing. All good. She's got to figure it out right now with the fever. She's certainly doing that. About to have 40 probably in the next week and a half, if we had to guess. But if she gets in there, she negotiates her own deal. And then like Angel Reese gets in there. Yeah. Right? And then these next ones. Next stars that come in. Page buckets. And they're Oh, you're paying me 10x of what they're paying me in the W? Dude! And I live in Miami. We'll do the Olympics, too, because there's no... You guys are kind of convincing me. You guys are kind of convincing me, right? Yes! I'm just thinking naturally, and I assume... You guys are convincing me. But, you know, this is an alternative, but what if the WNBA also increases their pay and they get to this level? Yes, certainly. And then you're looking at these players that have two major streams of income. Which we're having. They're making a million, two million potentially down the line if all these numbers continue to inflate. So I think I see the bigger picture. I don't know if it's taking over everything. I do think it's creating change, creating a difference, and making, whether it's the WNBA or other leagues, think twice as far as, hey, if there's this league, unrivaled, that's paying double what we're paying, that's paying triple, four times, five times how much we're playing, even our top players, maybe we have to reevaluate. Well, and the first sellout for that Connecticut Sun team in 20 years at home. 2003, yeah. You know, so it's not like they've had a long time to build up that brand. Have they sold it out since that first game either? They should because they've got some players on that. Good squad. Good ball team. That's what I'm saying. They should certainly do that. It's like business-wise, how far ahead is the W versus this league that hasn't even started yet? It's going to have to be a good content. It's going to have to get good numbers. Somebody's going to pay an enormous amount of money because live sports are certainly in right now, especially with the backing of the people that you mentioned. Is there any... I don't even want to get into it. Any VCs behind it? Do you know that information or anything like that? Because they have direct ties to most networks, and then if it gets good numbers, then their platform is just as big as the WNBA platform is. And all of a sudden, now you're talking. All right, we're pulling for him. We love him. That's why we love him. John Skipper's involved. There's a couple people here with TV ties with different entities. Obviously, their goal is going to be getting this on air. That guy, he is a wheeler and a dealer. I assume he will, well. I assume he will get it all figured out onto every platform, maybe, even if they don't play games. That'll be something that'll be really impressive. All right, let's move to some NBA chitter-chatter. We appreciate you for joining us, Shams. The Talks at the Table's Boston Connor has a question. Yeah, Shams, obviously Ty Lue got a deal done with the Clippers, even though there was some talk about him maybe going elsewhere how did that happen were there any thoughts or deals or offers from other teams a la the Lakers possibly for Ty Lue to reunite with LeBron and also now that Ty Lue's there does that mean Paul George all those guys are going to end up staying and all the talk about Paul George being traded to the Lakers or something that's all going to going to kind of fall to the wayside? So Ty Lue was in the last year of his contract. And if he was ever to get available, yes, the Lakers, he would have been at the top of their list. They would have went at him hard. But this was the big thing for the Clippers is bringing back Ty Lue. That was important. They already have Kawhi Leonard in the full three years, $150 million. three years, $150 million. He signed that extension before the end of the regular season. So now it was about, we got to keep Ty Lue. We have to keep Paul Jordan. We have to keep James Harden. And they're going into a new arena in the Intuit Dome in LA. That's Steve Ballmer's baby. He's put a lot into it, a lot of money, a lot of sweat equity. That's his thing. And he moved it to Englewood. That's the new arena that they're going to play and they're separating themselves from crypto.com slash state bull center. And so for the Clippers, it was about bringing Ty Lue back. And it was paying him among the top three to five coaches in the NBA. So five years, almost $70 million in an extension for him. That'll keep him on the contract through 2029, 2030. And he's now among the top five paid coaches. You think about Greg Popovich, Steve Kerr, Eric Spolstra, Monty Williams. He's right there in that mix as far as around $14 million a year. And now their goal is to bring back Paul George and James Harden. But Paul George, this is someone that obviously as of right now, it seems he's going to test free agency. And whether it's a maximum contract or just shy of a maximum contract, that's really what he's looking at. And right now, the Clippers, they gave Kawhi Leonard about $9 million, less than his max contract. And they had no intention of going above that for Paul George during the regular season. We'll see if that changes. This is all a game of leverage. Free agents can start talking to teams starting june 30th um and and paul george's extension eligible now so his camp the clippers i'm sure have continued to go back and forth and trying to figure out a deal james harden who was arguably the clippers best player in the playoffs um he's someone that they want to keep as well and he's gonna have to wait probably and see what happens with paul george's future but tyloo getting done that was a big domino in all this and now that he's in the mix they're not trying to go into that that new arena with just tyloo and and kawaii leonard who we've seen he's missed significant time over the last three postseasons unfortunate he's one of the best players when he's healthy, but 2021 he has a torn ACL. 2022 he doesn't play. In 2023 he has a meniscus tear. And this year he had inflammation in his knee, which has been twice surgically repaired. And so this is obviously a concern for the Clippers, for Kawhi Leonard. And now they have to see if they can keep Paul George and James Harden. Gotta get drained like Ed Monix. Paul George and James Harden. Got to get a drain like Ed Monix. You talk about the Clippers' new arena. Going to want to fill that place up, obviously. The amount of money he spent on piping in that place. Wow. The amount of toilets that are in that place. The amount of piping in L.A. I couldn't even imagine. Now it's whole teams, potentially. You don't have a lot of used water in L.A. What's that? You don't have a lot of used water in LA. What's that? No, Fiji water. You're not allowed. No. But I was chugging a Fiji water this morning, Shams. And as that happened, I read a tweet that said, Oh, you're drinking something that's going to attack your brain. What? They've been recalled. Fiji waters have been recalled. Did you know that? I had no idea. There's a lot I don't know about that. I'm in my little bubble over here, just knocking out NBA stuff. I did not know that. What are they being recalled for? How do you recall water? This is from yesterday. This is my bottle from yesterday. November and on. Make sure that thing doesn't say November. Here it is. 1.9 million bottles of Fiji water recalled after testing finds high levels of manganese, which can cause brain damage great i already do enough you know what i mean and i don't need water oh my god i get fiji water every time i'm at the airport every time am i dealing with brain damage right now manganese a lot of people don't know about that what manganese yeah yeah i heard that i heard that video we're good water bottles are good for everyone that's ever had fiji water in their life before and when you drink it you think to yourself damn i won't go to fiji sounds sweet if this is this shit that they got in bottles i couldn't even imagine what the entire place and now manganese oh damn it's post november is the it was four or five dates in november in 2023 if they're bottled if it's bottled on November, just don't drink it. And it was just from the 24-pack 500-milliliter bottles. 500-milliliter, what's that? That's the ones we're drinking off. I'm not going to move to Dasani or Kirkland. Not Dasani. Not Dasani? I don't mind Dasani. Aquafina, I don't like the taste. Aquafina's trash. I don't mind Dasani. Aquafina, I don't like the taste. Aquafina is trash. Well, people love Aquafina. There's people that enjoy Aquafina. Those people stink. You know, the... How about refrigerated filtered water? Great. Delicious. No random. Yeah, it's awesome. Love it. Who has the time, though? I mean, I need to buy a new one. Who has the time? I drink my water with a fork. That's what I do. I drink my water with a fork. I put it in the cups, and that's how I drink my water. It takes eight hours. Shams, I just learned what virgins do with water. That's awesome. I am so happy. I am so happy to hear that. Shams, I love you, dude. I do. This water's not bad here. This LifeWater. We are sampling all Life water is legit. The essential water is a real deal as well. High pH. What was that one that had the Voss? Oh, my God. I used to be able to do Voss bottle tricks. I was the cock of the walk. They had those glass bottles? Yeah. That's legit. That's legit. If you had the right touch, you could literally just flip that thing up, and it would cock sideways for you. You just take it off off and then putting it back on yeah same thing what you would look so cool and you do the little bottle flip like you're in cocktail back pocket boom we're out of there man vos water won me like four to five moments in situations around people i didn't know let me go ahead and crack some bitch over. Out of the gas station. I know. What the fuck was that? Christ, that guy is cool. Is that a magician that just walked? I felt so sweet. Anyway. You didn't even have to pay for it. It was after I paid for it. I'm not going to steal it. Jeez. Come on. What are you doing? What's going on in Chicago? Kleptomaniac, Sean. Check his pockets. It was Sean Charani, I think, not Shams. Ty has a question for you. We'll stay in L.A. Yeah, Shams, when is the J.J. Redick decision going to be finalized? It seems like I know he's still calling games, and the Lakers are flying people in for interviews and stuff like that, and LeBron's not involved in the decision whatsoever. But I feel like this is definitely a part of him staying. Has he been updated on this situation? Are they letting him know, hey, this is probably when we're going to make a decision? Because it seems like right now, J.J. Redick is going to be the Lakers' next head coach, and they're kind of just playing musical chairs until they can actually make an announcement when the finals are over. Yeah, the Lakers' search has been going on for almost a month now next week will mark four weeks and they've had multiple interviews with candidates james varigo was in los angeles this week he met with the lakers met with the ownership yesterday from what i'm told um and and they could potentially you know keep this going and interview other candidates over the next couple weeks. Ironically, coincidentally, that timing would match up potentially to the end of the NBA finals. And so when I talk to people around the league, there's obviously, you look at it, you try to connect some of these dots. And the fact that the Lakers coaching just so happens to potentially go all the way through the NBA finals, it's obviously something that a lot of people are skeptical of and are keeping an eye on and are wondering, does this mean that JJ Redick is the Lakers head coach? Just in terms of connecting dots. I mean, if you're trying to prolong an interview process or prolong a hire, I mean, if you're trying to prolong an interview process or prolong a hire, this would obviously be one way to do it, is bring in a bunch of candidates, prolong your interview process. But listen, the Lakers say that they're going through their coaching search process. There are multiple candidates. I think at the end of the day, if there are any finalists, it's likely going to be J.J. Redick and James Borrego. James Borrego is someone anthony davis is fond of and james borrego is someone that understands that the lakers have to continue to win with anthony davis at the helm he's 31 years old he's in the prime of his career he's going to be a laker as long as all the all the stars align he's gonna be a laker longer than lebron james is gonna be a laker lebron's got one two more years at the most left in his career anthony davis has a longer runway so building an offense around ad having a team of player development those are all things that from what i'm told james braywell has stressed to the lakers but i said it on the show last week i i've reported on it as well the lakers uh they have an infatuation level with jj as a head coach they view him as someone that, for right now, for this team, and potentially long-term, for four, five, six years down the line, that J.J. Redick could be the exact type of guy, character, coach, suave, how he moves, his demeanor. He could be the guy for the next five to six years. That is their opinion. That is the way that they're operating on. And could James Brago go in there and interview and turn this dial the other way? Probably not. Nothing's ever off the board. But it is. Okay, so let's do the other language. If they haven't hired a coach in the NBA finals and they waiting for the Finals to end, how would you handle a coaching search? I would just act like I'm interviewing everybody, but really I'm interviewing nobody. Is that what you're saying? Well, they're interviewing. They're going through interviews. Like Rob Palenka. Yeah, we're wasting our time. I understand. The first stage of this interview process was Rob Palenka having sit-downs with candidates for multiple hours and really trying to know the candidates, interview them, and get a sense for how they are as people, and then the next stage being more basketball-centric conversations. And we're at that stage. James Braygo is the only one so far that has gone in, met with ownership. You would assume J.J. Redick also goes in and meets with ownership. How much money did he coach? I know Ty Lue just got a $70 million thing. How much money would J.J. make if he was coach of the Lakers? Average. Well, J.J. Redick, I'm sure, is making considerable, is on a considerable salary right now. So if you're making a jump to a job like the Lakers, I mean, it's going to be more than $5 million a year. Certainly, Darvin Hamm's contract was around $5 million. You think about coaches and the salaries right now, the way that they're rising around the league, really any type of coach in the top 10, in the top 15 range, I mean, you're looking at anywhere from $9 million and on. And so if you add the tax on being a Lakers coach, living in L.A., also giving up a pretty financially stable media job, I mean, you're looking at north of $5 million. Now, where that lands, it's too early to say that yet. I don't have an idea. You just said top 15 coaches are making $9 million plus? I would assume that's where JJ is starting this entire thing. I would assume. That's where the market is headed. That's where the market is headed. There's still coaches right now that are still, if you are top 12, top 13 coach, you still might not be knocking at the doorstep of making $10 million. But you think about some of these coaches. You think about a Mike Brown who's entering the last year of his deal. He's certainly someone that wants to approach that eight-figure range. And that Kings team was in the playing tournament. You think about Tom Thibodeau. He just led his team to the second round of the playoffs. He was at $7 million this year. He's entering the last year of his deal next year. Most people on the league expect Tom Thibodeau to be in line for an extension that's going to be in the eight-figure range. Because anytime you're a coach that can get to the second round, that can have the success that New York's had, that's the category you put yourself in. Okay, so J.J. Redick is going to get paid about $9 million a year to be the Los Angeles Lakers' new That's basically it's still a search, Pat. The search is still. Oh, yeah, absolutely. We are searching for what? Sometimes we cast that wide net. You don't catch shit. And that's because you don't want to. You throw it in a little empty water. Then you go to a stock lake like the Rock has in Virginia. And he's a real small net out there. And who is it? Oh, it's J.J. Reddick. Let's go ahead and bring his ass in here for $9 million. Congrats to him. Congrats, AJ. The congrats aren't in order. You know, the Lakers are still going through their process. Coach, today is a – All right. All right, Darnley, we appreciate it. Let's talk – last question here about the Lakers, and then we'll move to teams that are still playing. Brawny is only working out for, like, two teams. So Brawny is only working out for like two teams. I guess he's been turning it down. And there's real interest is what you're reporting. Like Phoenix Suns, maybe it's the 22nd pick. Are they doing that? And I know this has been disputed by both Brawny and LeBron and everybody. But you can't help but wonder if the Phoenix Suns are potentially thinking, you know, we don't have a lot of options. We have a number one that we can certainly trade, 22 and everything like that. But the way the contracts are set up and where we are, we're in an interesting spot right now. If we draft Brawny, there's a chance we can lure LeBron at a lower price or they have to pay LeBron at full price to potentially come alongside, you know, you sort of think KD, Beal, LeBron. Walker. Whoa, wait a minute. Devin Book. Wait a minute. We have a team. Wait a minute. We have a team. Now all of a sudden, Ishpia, you know, mortgage man, is like, I've spent so much money. They have fined me so much. Finally, we've got a team that can maybe go do it. Is that why that conversation is taking place? Is that why Bronny's turning down a lot of workouts except for a few? Why do you think this is all happening, and how does it end up working out? Yeah, my sense is that the Suns' interest in Bronny James is more for him and him as a player. Of course. And they are considering him at 22. I haven't heard of any, like, we're going to draft Bronny and then get LeBron James. Because, Pat, just looking at it, LeBron James will be offered any type of contract that he wants. One year is $50 million. Two years, $105-ish million. Three years, $164 million. $105-ish million, three years $164 million. Is he really going to let that contract go to sign a one-year $3 million deal with the Phoenix? Does that sound logical to a lot of people? Especially businessman LeBron, who's allegedly incredibly cheap. He would have to be. 10% baby. So let's say LeBron James, as I've reported, as I've said, that he expects to play up to two more NBA seasons. Let's say he signs a two-year, $105 million deal that will return to the Lakers. You have two years, $105 million versus one year or two years. So one year at $3 million, two years at $6 million. Pat, which one would you do? Yeah, I understand. It's all working out. Okay, I get it. So the Suns' interest in Bronny James is more for Bronny James. You think about what the Suns need. I think the Suns are going to be active in the trade market. They have two first-round picks they can trade. They can trade this year's 22. They can trade the 2031 first-round pick. You said that with a straight face. You just said that with a straight face. Don't do that on the show. How old is the 2031 first round pick right now? Sixth grade, potentially. I think that's stone's work. So they have two first round picks they can trade. They are going to be active, but if they keep their pick, Ronnie James, you think about what the Suns need. They have star power. They have Kevin Grant. They have Bradley Beal. They have Devin Booker. They have Kevin Grant. They have Brad B. Beal. They have Devin Booker. They have probably a roster five, six players deep. What they need, what we saw the big need for the Suns this year, was at the point guard position. Having guys that can defend, that can ball handle, that can hit open shots. T.J. McConnell. High IQ. T.J. McConnell would be the perfect player. For the Pacers. The sign to a 10- Yes, I agree. Let's not even put that. Well, the Pacers love him. Rick Carlisle loves him. I would expect the Pacers to try to extend TJ McConnell, not do anything else with TJ McConnell. I think he's a folk hero in Indianapolis, but you guys know him better than I do. McConnell for KD? Something to think about. I think the fans love TJ McConnell. Am I wrong? Yes, you're not wrong at all. TJ not wrong at all. T.J. McConnell is beloved here. I think he'd be beloved literally anywhere with what he just did in the playoffs. But I do appreciate you saying, like, Bronny is like T.J. Like, what? Those two are... If you feel like Bronny James' upside could potentially end up being T.J. McConnell, you're the Suns. That's legitimately the perfect type of player for your system. And I think bringing Bronny James in to Phoenix, getting a sense for him as a player in a workout, getting a sense for him as a person, and seeing what he's all about, which people around the league believe he's about the right things. He's got a high basketball IQ. He's mature. He's confident. And he's not trying to be someone other than himself. Like you're not seeing... When he was asked for comparisons to his game, himself right like you're not seeing like when he was asked for comparisons to his game i mean he mentioned players like davion mitchell um those aren't star players that he's comparing himself to i think he knows what his role is at the next level and if you're the phoenix suns you're looking at him among five to six other players and seeing what can he do for you in your system and being a role player and excelling at that role hell yeah we appreciate you shams bringing all the information keep killing it over there and we can't wait to hear you sing yeah oh yeah that's false soon come soon come in the thunderdome oh banger soon come dj collins had an album on the way for yeah it's been soon coming a long time it's a good promo yeah another one ladies and gentlemen i do wonder what studio. Thank you. Give it to Chompy. I do wonder what studio vibes are like for DJ Khaled because all the people he works with are kind of at war. Yeah. Maybe that's why he's been waiting. That's true. Maybe they need to come to that house in the Bahamas that he has with that pool and that view. Yep. And golf with him. Put your swords away. Absolutely. Bingo. He has that good golf swing. Join us now. Ladies and gentlemen, he's a man who has an incredible bat flip, his hair, superb, and his coverage of baseball unlike any other. Ladies and gentlemen, the voice of a generation for a sport that needed a new generation. Jet Pass. Yeah! How you doing, Jet? Great, fellas. How are you? We had a good NBA conversation. A lot of braun lebron we look like sports center instagram there for a little bit but that is the topic of convo with sean sharoni what what's going on there pal i looked like i was out of frame am i back in the middle now no you were in the middle you were perfect actually you boom now that's yahtzee i thought you were trying to promote maybe a new book is that new book new books no new books back there. That's a whole different backdrop than the last time. Is that book open? The same backdrop. No, you got a bobsled team over your left shoulder. Steve Marucci gave you a baseball bat. That's a brand new baseball bat up there, too. Yeah. That is a whole different backdrop. You got a whole different backdrop. It's the same backdrop I've had every time I've been on the last, like, six months. The last six months? You've never been on the show before. We don't have journalists on this show. Anyways, Jet, let's talk baseball, shall we? And once again, it's not about the baseball on the field, although we'll dive into the best pitcher in baseball, maybe in the history of baseball in a matter of moments with Tony Diggs. It's about what's going on around baseball. For instance, the New York Mets yesterday had quite a situation. Jorge Lopez, pitcher for the Mets, had a situation where he got thrown out by a third base umpire for something he did after giving up a bomb to Shohei Ohtani on his way out. He throws his glove into the crowd, caught by New York Yankee fans. Had a New York Mets game at Citi Field. Obviously, them being in such prominent seats is obviously not great for business for the Mets. But then what he would go on to say afterwards would obviously make every Mets fan go, wow, we're the worst organization in all of sports. Here's the interview that obviously the world heard and took away from as, boy, things are real bad at the Mets. Carlos Mendoza said that he understands the emotion, but that particular action of throwing your glove into the stands was unacceptable. Looking back on it, do you regret doing that? No. No, I don't regret it. I think I've been looking the worst team in probably in the whole MLB. So, you know, whatever happened, happened. So, whatever they want to do it I'll be tomorrow here if they want me you know whatever they want to do so I'm gonna keep doing this thing you know so I'm healthy on whatever you know and whatever to do you know I'm ready to come back tomorrow if they want me be here so I'll be here. So English is a second language, so obviously not always going to be easy. The Internet heard that he said that the Mets are the worst organization in baseball. Some people heard him saying he's the worst team man in all of baseball, which is like teammate. Teammate, yes. Yeah, teammate, team man. What is going on with this situation? Are the Mets a dumpster fire and are they the biggest dumpster fire in all of sport who all of sports like that's a that's a pretty low bar i don't know that they might be yes okay michael cole love it baby the mets are a dumpster fire team saying and i think there was even a clarification by jorge lopez that said like i met him the worst teammate on the worst team yes yeah. Yeah, in the entire thing. That's exactly what he said. Hold on. I'm sorry I'm looking at my phone right now. I just put, yesterday at 7.44 p.m., a text from Michael Cole. This team is a mess. I hate this team. He told me he hates baseball, actually. And he obviously loves baseball. What is wrong with the Mets they're spending all this money why are they continuing to suck and how does this get handled yeah I mean this is still a team Pat that has like a 300 billion dollar payroll it's absurd how mediocre they are but I think we also knew that they were going to be pretty bad like let's remember what they did at the last trade deadline they got rid of Justin Verlander they got rid of Max Scherzer. They dumped guys who they were anticipating were going to be a big part of their team in 2024, and they really didn't add a whole lot this offseason. So 2024 was supposed to be a transition year for the Mets, but when you're in New York and you have a payroll to the level that they do, there's really no such thing as transition seasons. And what they've transitioned is from bad to sucking even worse. That's where they are right now. This is a team that does not have a good direction presently, a team whose young players that they were relying on really aren't necessarily as good as they hoped they were going to be, and the frustration's boiling over. Edwin Diaz, the closer who they signed for $102.5 million a couple years ago, went on the injured list with a shoulder impingement and has been terrible. Pete Alonso, best power hitter, got hit by a pitch yesterday on the hand. X-rays negative. Polar bear! Yeah, polar bear got hurt. CT scan was clear. So it looks like it's just a bruised hand for now but the jorge lopez situation was honestly kind of hilarious getting thrown from a game by the third base umpire it's really hard to do like you have to be a real dick in order for that to happen and that yeek just throws it right into the stands. And, yeah, the Mets are going to be designating Jorge Lopez for assignment, which essentially means they're cutting him. And, yeah, it turns out, no, they do not want him to show up tomorrow. The Mets, what a story. The only reason why I've really followed the team as closely as I have is because of Michael Cole. He is like, he loves his team. Like, this is his team. And he's obviously been trying to get us into baseball for like six, seven years on our program or whatever. And now his Mets are the worst laughingstock, obviously, with the most amount of money spent. And the team that calls my hometown home is the cock of the walk. Not only do we got Josh Gibson, best baseball player statistically of all time for the Homestead Grays, but also we got a couple guys on the mind that are maybe the most explosive duo in all of baseball. Go ahead. Yeah, I mean, talk about the organization. You got Gibson, Willie Stargell, Roberto Clemente, Barry Bonds, and now the Hundo boys, Paul Skeens and Jared Jones, who both went yesterday. Both are going to be on the program tomorrow, I'm being told. Both will be tomorrow. Jared Jones got roughed up a little bit yesterday, but that was the first time this year. He's an incredible rookie. Shota Imanaga also got roughed up yesterday, which leads me into my question. Paul Skeens did not get roughed up yesterday. Okay, he's been absolutely unbelievable. He is plus 500 to win rookie of the year and now rookie of the year right now behind Imanaga. I don't know if you vote for this or not, Jet, but is that a good bet, do you think, Paul Skeens, National League Rookie of the Year, if Imanaga does maybe fall off a little bit? Imanaga's had a really good start to this point, but there's still 20-plus starts left in the season, right? So Paul Steens has plenty of time to make that up. And plus 500, the way he's throwing seems quite favorable at this point because he's just so good, man. The beauty to me of an athlete who comes in with a lot of hype and then either matches or exceeds it, you know how difficult it is to get out there when everybody's eyes are on you and to go out and not just do what they were expecting or hoping, but to do even better. And the 30 to five strikeouts walk ratio, the fact that he's throwing his splinker with just impunity, like it's a disgusting pitch and guys really are not squaring it up. And a lot of the strikeouts, nine of them yesterday are coming off of that pitch. He's the goods man. Listen, I've been having this conversation lately. If you could have anyone to throw game seven of the World Series right now, who would it be? You can make an argument for Zach. Q Country Roads, Jet! Q Country Roads! I mean, he's in the conversation for sure. I think he's already one of the best pitchers in Major League Baseball. It's the stuff, yes, but the attitude he has out there on the mound. I mean, he looks like a dude who's been doing this for five years. Calm, collected, and look at him. Just look at the strut after the strike. Little karate kick there like he does not look like a guy who's four games into his big league career by any means was he a guy now he said he's only been throwing a hundo for like the last three or four years he was a catcher beforehand obviously at the air force and then he ends up at lsu and he goes on the national championship run he's kind of new to being known as like the guy that's to take over a game, right? So his maturity seemingly handling all this is wildly fascinating. And I don't think he even cares, first of all, at all, or knows about the buzz around him. He said all he does is nap. All he does is nap and throw baseballs. It's like the perf. It does. It does. Man to be young to get in. A guy's got no responsibility. He needs to throw baseball really good, and he needs to nap so he can heal up and throw baseball really good again. But it's like he seems to be made up of all the right stuff. His arm's seemingly young too. Not only he's young, but his arm is young because you have to worry about that immediately. It seems this is the guy. So he's going to be a pirate for 10 years? That's what's going to happen? 15 years? I hope so. I would love to see that. Any time that somebody stays with a small market team for the entirety of his career, like, goodbye me. Not just goodbye me because I'm someone who grew up in Cleveland and lives in Kansas City now, but I understand the disparity in sports between the large market and the small market teams. And the fans in smaller markets sometimes feel like the big business of sports is conspiring against them. So when Bobby Witt Jr. went out and signed a 12-year, almost $300 million contract to remain with the Kansas City Royals this offseason, it's like, hey, by the way, these small market teams can pay Guy. If they don't, it's just because hey, by the way, these small market teams can pay guys. If they don't, it's just because they chose not to. The Pirates can afford to keep Paul Skeens around. The question is, after you have sold the best ski resort in West Virginia. Pennsylvania. Western Pennsylvania. Seven Springs. Western Pennsylvania. Sorry Springs. Western Pennsylvania. Sorry. Jeez. My apologies. Best tubing hill in the... Yeah, it was voted best ski resort in the mid-Atlantic. Yeah, in the Northeast. The tubing hill. The tubing hill. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Tubing hill's the best. No, Vermont snow stinks, okay? You've never been to Nashville, brother That's an argument to be made. I'm talking about live, fear, die in Nashua. They got some tubes that fly. They don't have a tubing hill in New Hampshire that can hang with seven springs. Yes, they do. They got the thing that you strap on your tube, it drags you up the hill. Oh, yeah. It drags you up the whole entire way. And it's not a hill. It's a mountain. Well, yeah. That's what I'm talking so it's a little bit different. I don't know what you think are hills and mountains. Exactly, exactly. Yeah, they're much bigger in the Northeast. Your quads couldn't handle one walk in Pittsburgh, pal. You've never been to Centipede, my brother. You couldn't walk up that hill. You couldn't walk the shoes. Well, I go backwards up that hill. I used to run up those hills. Not Killington, no way. That's what Paul Skeens doesn't that seven springs tubing hill is no longer going to be a money maker for nutting but the fact that he sold it i assume he's got deep pockets now we need to keep the hundo boys in pittsburgh so we can have a hope and a dream and fill up that park not just for zambelli fireworks but for the next generation of maybe baseball fans yeah exactly in pittsburgh vale resort spot seven springs so and i was they are you know top of the line i assume they paid penny. I couldn't even imagine what they did. Actually, it was pretty smart by Nutting because it doesn't snow anymore in western PA. Yeah, it fails. Sleeting. Yeah, sleeting. It fails by in all the mountains. I do believe two of the mountains I listed was also bought by Vail. What's that? The Monopoly or something? I don't want to get into it. We got a mountain Mon Somebody smart needs to dive in. What is Vail doing inside the mountain? That's a good question. And why they want all the high points of America? I don't know. We're not getting into that, obviously. It's just a journalistic show, but somebody needs to figure that one out. Building silos? Whoa. Hey, hey, hey. Whoa. Well, I watched that Top Gun, a new one. Oh, yeah. And a pretty big part of the entire story is Martin and what's inside. You're the journalist, Jet. This is on you. Get into it, Jet. This is on you. You brought up 7 Spring. No, no. You guys are having a good conversation. All right, we've only got a minute and a half left. Ty, I've got a question for you, Jet. Yeah, Jet. At this point in the season, do you think teams already know if they're going to be buyers or sellers Alonzo and some of those other guys. And then for the Yankees, because of the Juan Soto situation and how well they've started this year being arguably one of the best two teams in baseball, do you think they will be very aggressive at the deadline, i.e. maybe going out and getting a guy like Mason Miller or something along those lines? But do teams know this early if they're going to be buyers or sellers at the deadline? Great question. I'm working on a story right now that's a preview of the trade deadline. Hell yeah. It's two months away. And yeah, there are some teams that understand what they're going to be. The Mets are going to be selling. It's pretty obvious at this point. The trajectory of this team is not good. But a team like Toronto is super interesting to me because the blue jays have had high expectations they had this core with vladimir guerrero jr uh and bo bichette that they thought were going to be capable of taking them to the world series and they have been a disappointing team all season long now there's enough talent there and enough time left to turn things around but it you know if the blue jays are still under 500 in a division like the american league east and the trade deadline comes along and you look at the state of their farm system it's not really good right now it would seem to make sense for them to at least entertain and consider trades the yankees on the other hand their upgrades i think are going to be more incremental than going and getting like some big bopper out there. Their offense has been awesome. They have been fantastic starting pitching wise. And yes, they could use a reliever. You're the best, Jet. We appreciate the hell out of you. Ladies and gentlemen, Jet Passer. We'll be back in about three minutes. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially, like it's... Dan! Dan! Another farting Dan Orlovsky situation just took place. Dan, he dumps! What do you mean? It's unbelievable. No, no. We're going to play that back. I did not fart. Dan, Dan, Dan. It's two times now, Dan. This is an Orlovsky thing. Are you guys being serious right now or are you messing with me? Dan. Listen to this clip. This is you just moments ago. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially. Like it's... Dan. Whoa. I mean, I'm denying it. You guys definitely... You guys definitely... Freaking idiot. No, I swear. It's there We swear. We swear. No way. No one did that. That was a car. What did you eat? I haven't even ate yet. If I were you right now, I'd go grab some good ones. My wife texted me. She said, oh my gosh, McAfee show. I I were you right now, I'd go grab some good ones. My wife texted me. She said, oh my gosh, McAfee show. I'm dead. I go, Gabe, I promised you on everything. I did not fart. Who runs your Twitter account? AB. I do. What's this all about? I would like to know, in that situation where your butthole is starting talking, what did I do? I'm here to be serious with you, man. What are you, chugging a glass of milk? Eating some fruit over there? Get you some coffee? Get that butthole a little bit more active? I haven't ate. I'm eating yogurt. I have a thousand text messages right now of people going, Oh my gosh. I'm like... I just wanted to have like a quiet Tuesday. I don't even know why we're gonna have another Yeah. We have the video. Shams, let's let you judge here. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those, essentially. Like it's... I need to hear the context. I want to give our guy a better... Oh, Shams, shut up. He said it sounded like a fact. What did AJ vote? It's a fart all day long, Kirk. You know that. Has anybody voted no? Dan. I'll be the captain of team no today we need you to do a tie-breaking vote is that okay sounds good to me it's impossible to be at the top at both of those essentially like it's no doubt i mean i like how he just kept on going right there when he was talking he didn't even break stride as that thing came out he went and got the buggy went to the store grabbed some dude wipes to wipe those ass cheeks just like i assume you do as well youable. You have to go dry, wet, dry. Toilet paper, white toilet paper. If not, you're really risking the rest of the day having the swamp ass. You know, Dan Orlovsky, man, he got to accept that, man. He got to wear that with a pride. One thing that really bothers me when people do not take credit for it, you know, if somebody says, oh, that was you that farted, I get upset when it wasn't me. I'm like, no, when have I ever not claimed it when it was mine? You should claim it. What about all those airports? People are traveling today, looking up at the ESPN. Hey, Orlovsky farts. What's wrong with this guy? The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comed comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey, why? Let's go! This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, You pig! Stunner! Stunner! Dammit! Be a friend to other friends, something nice could change their life. We won't die! We won't die! Fork! Fork! For something nice to change their life. We want that! We want that! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this big journalism Thursday. May 30th, 2024. Our show, the program, starts now. Sports! Sports are happening in a big way, and we have a big journalism day because we have a bunch of journalists joining our show. In a matter of moments, we'll have Mike Greenberg joining us to chit-chat about life as a New York Jets fan and a sports media genius. You know, I had no idea we were going to be on ESPN2 today. Could be on ESPN1, I guess, because there's a rain delay. Didn't put us on there, but this is our biggest journalism day, which is a real shame. We're having a bunch of journalists on there, never on our program. We've never had journalists on. We tried to today, and now it's all ESPN2. So all the puppets with pens won't even see it. Thompson Tables here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. That's a bomb.'m bummed out. I had no idea. Did we know? I don't think I knew. Now, softball is happening. 1230, there's a rain delay taking place. Women's softball, especially the World Series, is electrifying. Got nothing but respect for that. One half of the hammer. God. Cowboys turn digs here. We should have known that was happening. Yeah. I mean D-Butt was going to be here today. I came in this morning and, you know, I was just like, I was about to text D-Butt a question. I'm like, well, it's Thursday. I did not know it was Thursday, to be honest with you. It's Big Journalism Thursday. But when we talk about it, me in my mind, every day is Journalism Day for us on this program. It's just. for us on this program. How about us just making an open mockery of that? I do appreciate it. Because journalists are the best. They go to a school that tells them exactly how to think, and they go on and do that, and all of a sudden they're saving the world. We're thankful for that. Don't change it up either. No way. With the softball, however, some journalism, there is some controversy because Oklahoma and UCLA, similar to LSU and Iowa, same side of the bracket. What are we doing? People are not happy. Oklahoma, they won 60-some games straight or something like that at one point. UCLA, I guess, they have Tom Brady. Is that the... Maya Brady, yeah, his nephew. Yep. Niece. Niece. Excuse me. Let's make sure we get that right. To be completely honest. We're not 100% sure. I'm a very new uncle, so I'm new to how the niece-nephew thing works. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a father of 10. He's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup winner. Ladies and gentlemen, A.J. Hawker. Yeah, Hawker. A.J. Hawker, how you doing, pal? Doing Thursday. I feel like every day is journalism, though, for us. We agree. We agree. It doesn't get talked about enough, but we're going to start spotlighting that. Go ahead, Tom. I do have some journalism. There was pucks on the ice last night in Boston. It was the... Come on. Rubber on nut. What? Go ahead. Go ahead. They're dumping rubber. It was the first ever championship in the Women's Professional Hockey League. Minnesota defeated Boston last night. In game five. Good season, girls. Minnesota Hockey State. It was a barn burner. I saw the highlights last night. Yeah, a lot of rubber on that there. And congrats to Minnesota. That's journalism. AJ, you did a little journalism. You sent us a clip that you found on X. There's a fired coach that is now a consultant, advisor, maybe just a tag team partner of the Cleveland Browns. Mike Vrabel is on the field at OTAs. This comes via John Sable, who works at Fox 8 News in Cleveland. And he actually says there, if there was audio, he said, I'm punching that shit out as soon as you get it. Could you imagine having Vrabel just hanging around the team? What a weapon for the Cleveland Browns. This seems genius for Stefanski. Yeah, it does. I wonder, I'm sure as the season goes, too, like, Brable's role will morph and change, and he's going to, like, right now you see him running the cards for, like, scout team defense, trying to get the offense. Imagine these other linemen, like, what he's saying to these dudes, like, how he's talking to them about how he's going to dominate them if he wanted to, put his helmet on and run right through them. Like, I bet Bra saying right here ready and sack that's what he screamed that's what he just screamed right there in the middle of that particular rep but i mean what a weapon this guy's going to be for the cleveland browns i would actually put this as something that would height two to three i think two more games winning games with evan frabel just hang around he's got no real responsibility other than make the team better right that's what we assume with these roles? That's what it feels like, isn't it? I mean, do we know what his title might be? I don't even know. Is it senior consultant? Hey, we're not paying him shit. The Tennessee Titans are, but he's going to be hanging around. I think that's what it's called. Can you have as many consultants as you want in the NFL? I don't know. I know all different kinds of rules they have okay so i think i talked to uh shane steichen about this i think there is a max that you can have in the entire thing now college there's different titles that are allowed to be on the field not allowed to be on the field who can they talk to how can they talk to how many hours can they talk to in the nfl i think there is a max amount of coaches you can have i don't know about consultants or advisors okay yeah i was say, because would advisor fall under consultant or are those two separate things because then you can kind of double them up? Yeah, because you're going to have the assistant to the assistant. Bingo, yeah. And that can kind of slip in there. I assume this has been handled, though, because teams have tried to do this too much and some other billionaire got pissed that his team wasn't doing it, so they had to make a rule. one, especially an Ohio guy going back to Cleveland. Good for them, dude. Good for the Browns. He grew up not too far from there. I can imagine. Braves will get a ton of cheers if he gets to go on the field for game day. I hope he is on the sidelines. They better intro him. Yeah, they should. Last. Bring him out last. Lead out. Let him wear his high school uniform. His Walsh Jesuit high school uniform. Let him wear that. And Put those glasses on. Smash that guitar like he's the Miz, you know, before those Cleveland Browns games. And let all of Ohio go crazy. We'd be crazy if we didn't introduce the man that's waiting to join us right now. He's in multiple Hall of Fames for broadcasting. I believe that is considered journalism. I'm not 100% sure. Host of Get Up. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, Mike Greenberg. Hey, Greenberg. How you doing, Green? A couple of things. I'm learning as I'm sitting here watching this Vrabel thing. Now, I am extraordinarily hopeful that my New York Jets are going to have a terrific season and that your buddy Aaron Rodgers is going to lead them deep into the playoffs. However, if they do not and everything falls apart, my first choice for the Jets' next coach would be Mike Vrabel. I still can't believe Tennessee fired him. I am a huge Vrabel fan, going back to when he did a player's diary on Mike and Mike during Super Week, whatever, one of those years when he was on the Super Bowl Patriot teams. That would be my first choice of every person walking the face of planet Earth to be the next coach of the Jets if everything goes sideways this goes sideways and how he was able to win with the tennessee titans over the last couple years he had the most people in the history of the nfl on ir and they ended up being the number one seed in the afc the way they had to rebuild that team and getting rid of his number one wide receiver and then saying hey you still got to go win when he gets fired we wonder if the tennessee titans are trying to win. Then we meet Carthon's guy Callahan and all the moves they made. They want to go a different direction. Vrabel is going to be a hot commodity after this year, we will assume. Let's get to your New York Jets now. I got some breaking news from Source. Once again, this is journalism. Yesterday, some videos hit the internet of Aaron Rodgers taking off his shoes and his socks. Oh no, is he Achilles? Is there something wrong with the Achilles? Again, then there were some reps. Was he running at full speed? Did he look like his Achilles was hurting a little bit more? From the sources that I have, blister prevention, potential lingering effects from COVID toe. Oh, no. Do not know. Do not know if this is lingering effects from COVID, though. Oh, no. Do not know. Do not know if this is lingering effects from COVID. That is from an anonymous source. When you see that video and when you see anything out of the New York Jets OTAs, what are your thoughts? And are we back to the hype that we were last year before four plays in? It all ends, Greeny. Yes, we are right back there. We are as hopeful as we have ever been in a very, very long time. Not since 1999 have I been as hopeful, except for last year, have I been as hopeful for what a Jets season could be. Because this team, frankly, is better than it was a year ago. And we even are built to survive a normal quarterback injury. A COVID toe is one thing. A torn Achilles is another thing entirely. A more normal injury, like a turned ankle that costs us two or three weeks, which most quarterbacks are going to have, the Jets actually are prepared with a legitimate backup quarterback this time in Tyrod Taylor. So I am extraordinarily hopeful about the Jets. I had not seen that video until your sources just shared it with me now. And it disturbed me greatly. We need Aaron wrapped in bubble wrap. I need him. I need him just kept like remember there was when I was young, you guys are too young. There was a movie called The Boy in the Plastic Bubble starring John Travolta, where like they literally didn't let him out. He couldn't be he couldn't be in contact with people for fear of germs. That's where I want Rogers. From now until the opener in San Francisco on Monday night. See, our generation had Bubble Boy. So we always... Same idea, yeah. No, the movie. There was a whole movie, Bubble Boy. Yeah, Jake Gyllenhaal. Yeah, but like, obviously, Mom a little bit, you know, a little bit overpaid. We need to make, I guess this seems to be generational. About time for another one. We need another bubble movie. Yeah, we need another bubble movie. Maybe Aaron's going to watch it. Can I tell you something, by the way? Matt, can I just share something funny? Because you distracted me from what was going to be my hilarious intro. That's on me. With this Rogers video. So the last time I was on, you will recall, you welcomed me with a variety of gardening equipment and other things because the Pacers had just knocked out the Knicks. And so it was my absolute intention when I was booked to come on the show today to have a broom so that I could sleep. However, you're probably going to find this very on brand. I don't know where we have one So I can't If we have a broom Like we must have one Because the house is very clean all the time But for the life of me I don't know how it gets to be that way So I wanted to have a broom But I couldn't find one I assume that's pretty on brand But I still think it counts Okay I understand That would have been funny. That would have been funny. I do appreciate you looking around. Very clean. I mean, it has to be. Someone. Tell me right now. Someone is sweeping around here, but for the life of me, I have no idea. Hey, shout out to Stacy. Shout out to Stacy. Shout out. Shout out. That's hilarious. And they said the Knicks would have got swept somehow in three games against the Celtics instead of four. So, you know, there would have been some sort of banter. And on brand with you not being able to find a broom in your house at all, I did see a lot of people say that I'm probably the only human in the sports world alongside A.J. and the boys that could start a weed whacker, you know. Yeah, journalism school doesn't have that class. No, they don't. Where they do that entire thing. Go ahead, AJ. Greeny, so your expectations this year compared to last year, I hope you're actually even more excited this year. But I guess what do you think, like, what is the success for the New York Jets? And what's your biggest worry about this team right now heading into the season? I mean, the biggest worry, I think, honestly, is the coaching. The Jets are better. Their roster is better than it was a year ago. Obviously, Rodgers has to be healthy. I mean, the pieces they've added, you don't need me to run over all of the offensive linemen that they got and the one that they drafted and Mike Williams who they signed. The defense should be absolutely outstanding. They should be by far the best defense that Aaron Rodgers has ever played with. So, A, we need Rodgers to be mostly all the way back. I don't know what is a reasonable expectation for a 41-year-old quarterback coming off of an Achilles, but I don't think he has to be peak Aaron Rodgers. The second he walks out on the field, he's going to be the best quarterback the Jets have had in a long time. And so long as he is standing upright, I'm pretty confident he'll be fine. I do worry a little bit about the coaching. I think the jury is very much out on the head coach, on the offensive coordinator, and on everybody else involved. And I count on Rodgers to clean up a lot of that. When he was asked, I forgot what show, someone showed me a clip, he was on a show recently and they asked him why should fans trust Nathaniel Hackett and Aaron's answer was, because I do and you should trust me. And that's a great answer. Everything about the Jets beyond the talent on the field has to come together because Rodgers pulls it all together. I still believe it all fell apart last year because it was all built around him. He is like the sun and everything else is orbiting around him. The hemoglobin. That's exactly the way it should be. That's the Jets' best chance. We've tried handing this franchise to a lot of different people over the last 50 years. No one's been able to do it. Let's give it to one of the players who's actually proven he knows how to do it, and let's follow him. So I'm 100% on board with all of that, but I think that would be, aside from the obvious injury concerns, which every team has, the Jets have some injury-prone players they brought in, Tyron Smith and Mike Williams and others. Every team has those to some degree. But if the Jets, the start of the schedule is tough. Three games in 11 days, two of them on the road to start the season. I worry a little bit about it starting badly and then some negative vibes creeping in and hopefully that not becoming a real issue. But all things considered, to answer the beginning of your question, AJ, this is the best team the Jets have had in 20 years, at least. This is better than any of the teams Herman Edwards took to the playoffs, or the one that Eric Mangini did, or any of the teams Rex Ryan took to the AFC Championship game. They have just better players. That's not even debatable. So, the AFC is loaded. A realistic, a successful... I think the Jets have to get to the playoffs and at least win a game for it to be a success. I think anything short of that would be a failure. It's very hard for me to sit here and say, if they win a playoff game and then they lose a heartbreaker to Joe Burrow or Patrick Mahomes or someone like that, that's hard. Or Anthony Richardson in Indianapolis or C.J. Stroud in Houston or the guy who's going to take over the league at some point, which is Justin Herbert, I think, for Harbaugh in L.A., eventually I think he's going to be, he's got the best coach now, so I have a huge fear of him. So I think anything short of that would be a major disappointment. Just go back to one of the things you talked about with Aaron saying, I trust Hackett, so you guys should, and obviously you haven't really had the opportunity to watch an entire season of Aaron Rogers football and everything like that he very much views like the west coast offense as like art and like a painter has to be a part of it and he and Hackett have grown up in that system together so like he sees like he even last year whenever the offense looked completely inept and everybody was like what the hell is Hackett how does this guy even know what football is after what happened in Denver and it was happening last year? You talk to Aaron, I think Aaron says, you look at some of those plays, what was supposed to happen would have worked in those. He's not scared to check a town. He's not scared to check into a run. Like, he's not looking to throw for 500 yards every single week. He is taking whatever the best option is for that particular play that he He knows the offense of inside and out, and so does Hackett. I think that's why he has come out in such back in response for Hackett because I don't know how many people know the West Coast offense as well as Aaron and Hackett do. Asking Russell Wilson to be able to do it in one year I think was a tall task. Then Zach and everybody else for the Jets, it's a tall task. I think that's why Aaron's so confident because he sees the plays differently than how other people that don't understand what they're trying to do and the potential offense that they're trying to run. I think that is why he's like, I trust him. And I think it's going to look different. Not that it's going to look more explosive, but he's going to make the right decision for the play. And I think that's a head start over other teams just to begin with. So I got a lot of faith, even though he is old as shit now. He's the oldest guy, you know what I mean? But I think that helps in this situation, Greene. I think everything you just said I agree with completely. If you were to make a list of the reasons the Jets' offense was awful last year, Nathaniel Hackett would barely even be on it. You could have given bill walsh that offensive line and that quarterback and i don't know how much better it all would have looked they have infinitely better talent they are infinitely deeper and they have aaron freaking rogers now so i'm not at all worried about nathaniel hackett i'm honestly i think if the jets remain mostly healthy then there is every reason to think that they are one of the two or three best teams in the AFC. Right there alongside anyone else you want to name. Houston, I think, is very good. Obviously, I know you love your Colts. The Bengals, I think, will be really good again. And Kansas City is always Kansas City. The Jets are right there with any of them. Got a couple wide receiver things in Cincinnati to figure out, obviously, with Jamar and T. Did you see the emotional video? That was sweet. That was. Good side. Great shot. Candid shot of him in a car. 8K. With some music. Did you hear this from T. Higgins? Have you seen this clip from T. Higgins? I have not. No, what is it? You know, T. Higgins talking about his future from a documentary or a vlog I assume he's creating. I am athlete pod. I am athlete pod. Okay, perfect. Brandon Marshall's team. Obviously, I don't know what the situation would be right now, but it would be bittersweet, I guess you could say. As far as me coming back, I would love to come back. You know what I'm saying? I grew as a man you know the past four years here grew as a player made you know got new good new friendships great relationships with you know people not in the facility you know in the city of Cincinnati the fans are. So I would definitely love to be here. You know what I'm saying? But if that's not the situation, then that's not the situation. I guess. Even a little blur there. With some quiet. Holy shit, Granny, did you see that? That's cinematography, brother. It's pretty good. It cuts with a dog. I like all of that stuff. I mean, that's really well directed. Look, T. Higgins is a great player. I saw, did Jalen Waddell get paid all the money in the world, plus $10? I mean, they've got, so they're paying Tyreek Hill and Jalen Waddell. Has wide receiver become the second most valuable position on a team now? Are we comfortable saying that? And wait until Justin Jefferson comes through and gets his deal done. It's about to be even bigger. And allegedly, if you listen to Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio, the announced deal that Tyree Kill signed is actually more than what it actually is. He's only making $25 million as opposed to near $30 million, which is what everybody else is seemingly getting paid right now. So Tyree Kill's new deal you assume will be big, but they've got to pay Tua as well. And then you get into the full conversation. If you pay a quarterback, how many other people can you pay, especially at the wide receiver position? The Bengals are going to have to figure that out. You know a team that isn't? What's that? The Indianapolis Colts. We're in a good spot. Let's pivot away from the NFL. And I know you only have a couple more Don't worry. You're a good man. Wow. Thank you, Green. Thank you, Green. That was really kind of you. Good to see you. Good to see you. Conman's got a question for you about a little bit of basketball. Yeah, I got a bone to pick with you, Greenberg. Every time I see Get Up, there's some bottom line on there that says something about how, oh, is Jason Tatum better than Jalen Brown to the Celtics? is this a successful season if they don't win a championship? Something along those lines. And I'm sure you haven't seen it, but Leon Poe, the leader of Celtics Nation, is coming at your guys' throat because of the disrespect. What's the deal with that? Can't we just talk about how dominant of a season it's been? Or do we have to say, hey, Tatum or Brown, or is it Derek White? What's the deal, brother? Well, so the Derek White thing, I didn't start. I actually raised that from the opposite standpoint. The Derek White thing came because Josh Hart of the Knicks was on RC's podcast, on The Pivot. And he said, you know, you could make an argument. I forget exactly what words he used. He said that Derek White is more, what was the word he used? Not integral, not valuable. He used a word, then Jason Tatum. And I lost my mind today. I think you and I are on the same side. Planet Earth has decided it hates Jason Tatum. I have no idea why. Because Jason Tatum is an unbelievably good player who deserves to be considered one of the something like seven or eight best players in the nba if you want to make an argument that he didn't belong first team all nba which i did vote for him first team all nba by the way but i would listen to that argument thank you green but the idea that derrick white i mean and what i don't like is that i then wind up in a position where i'm diminishing der White, who's had an unbelievable season and has been terrific. But let's not act like I'm the only show who's having these conversations. No, you're leading the way. It's time to get up. You're the one leading the way, Greeny. Everybody else is seeing that lower third, and they're like, well, good enough for Greeny. It's good enough for us. Yesterday, they had the same exact wording on a lower third on first take immediately after your show. So you tell us, Greeny. You tell us. Is that Hawn's fault? Yeah, Alan Hawn. That guy can't hear. That guy can't listen. I heard a clip. He said, you think Greeny's a loser. You're not looking. Shut up, Hawn. Shut up. Okay. I texted you about that because it was very funny. But The point of it is this. The point of it is this. I have been setting the agenda for the sports conversation in this country for 25 years. So this is nothing new. Okay? I mean, if we really want to be honest about it. Okay, do it. People just, basically, I might as well just say, hey, everybody, here's your rundown for the day. And then I just start talking. So that's what winds up happening. Now, as far as this which is you know it's your fault yes so you know that this is yeah i don't think there's any fault here here's here's what i think the reality of it is is that first off the celtics have been too good for too long to have fallen short in the way they have this number of times without there being some questions i was there for all 14 of those playoff games against Miami the last two years. They should have won all 14 of them. I was there for all six games in the finals two years ago against Golden State. They were the better team in all of those games. That's 20 playoff games in which they were the better team. I picked them to win every single time. They continue not to elevate beyond their level of talent. They should win the championship this year, for sure. I don't think it is an overstatement to say if they don't win the title with the path that they have had, it isn't their fault that everybody in their way got hurt in the East, and they've done what you're supposed to do. They've taken advantage of the opportunity that's been given to them. But if they don't get there, I don't think anyone could disagree that it is a colossal disappointment considering how good they've been and how talented they are. You just asked me what would constitute a successful season for the Jets, and I told you. I can't imagine any fan of the Celtics, no matter how mad they want to be about anything that I or anyone else are saying, would not agree that it is a failure if this team doesn't win. Okay. Well, thank you for setting the agenda for all of sports talk for the last 20 years. That's a factual statement. That's your job now. I've been around. Here's what happens. You know, what is the expression? You either die a hero or you live long enough to become the villain. Like in my case, when we started, believe it or not, we were the bad boys of sports conversation in America. All right? Mike and I, we would talk about stuff. We would take calls. In the national media, no one ever did any of that stuff. And we would criticize people when they didn't, you know, when generally speaking that was only the providence of local sports talk and stuff like that. No one with the letters ESPN attached to the name would do some of the stuff that we did. And then all of a sudden, I have now lived long enough to become the definition of the mainstream sports media. If you look up mainstream sports media right now, it's a picture of me. I mean, I came on your show and cursed and you said mr rogers just cursed on television so i've lived long enough to become that guy now it's your turn there's a new generation of young sports media out there that are looking to people like you because you're going to take it in whatever direction it's going to go from here i've taken it where it is now it's your job to pick it up and run with it from here. Well, I will not pick up the baton at this point because I don't know how long we're going to be in this world. You know, I don't know. You're not going anywhere. I'm done with that conversation, too, by the way. No more of that nonsense. The point. You son of a bitch, you listen to me. I'm not going on. I'm not listening. I'm not reading one more. How long is Pat Maskey going to be here? You're going to be here longer than I am. All right, Brady. You're not going anywhere. We appreciate your work. We appreciate your work. Thank you very much. We appreciate your work and your kind words. But there is something, as you still set the tone of sports conversation, something as you still set the turn of sports conversation um that i think you are missing out on and it's a genuine question from me to you as a person and people that put shows together in this entire thing don't you think hockey's all do you know anything about do you know hockey do you like the rangers are in hockey right they're they're still doing the hockey there's only four teams left in the new york rangers Rangers. I think if you were to look out that beautiful pen out. Oh, my God. Earned, though. Earned. Two old fates. Not giving. A lot of time, a lot of hours, a lot of sacrifice, which we appreciate. You know, we're not talking like military or cops or EMTs. We're talking a lot of time for our entertainment throughout the years. We appreciate it. You've earned that penalty. But if you look out there, you can actually look down, maybe see an arena, and there's a team still playing the hockey right now. Still doing it. Can you add that into a rundown maybe over the next... Because this Florida team they're playing, dogs. And the Western Conference, also awesome. We think more people should talk about it. And if Greeny talked about it, guess what? Everybody's talking about it. Everybody's talking about it. Greeny, let's do that. I am well aware that the Rangers are playing. In fact, I'm probably going to go to the game tonight. I live a five-minute walk from the garden. Great. So here's the thing. I mean, if you want to have a serious conversation about this, we can, which is to say that this is another example of, I think, how the business is changing. So the way I was taught is, in our role, your job is not to create interest, it's to reflect it. So I've always tried to go wherever I think the largest number of people are otherwise interested. I have great people over the years. Look, Mike and Mike, people used to say to us all the time, you guys never do, you hate hockey. I don't hate hockey. If I thought millions of people wanted to turn on my show in the morning and watch us talk about hockey for a longer period of time than we talk about basketball or football, I would be the first person to do it. My favorite sport is golf. football or football, I would be the first person to do it. My favorite sport is golf. I can't sit there and talk about golf in the morning because my job is to try and have the biggest audience I possibly can. So this stuff is driven, at least in my opinion, by the interest of other people, not by my interest. Now, the world in which we live today, which is becoming increasingly fragmented, where your show is being consumed so differently than my shows have always been. Like at the end of the day, I hosted a radio show and a television show. You're doing a show that people right now, people are not only watching and listening to this conversation in like seven different ways, but they're going to be doing it for like the next six or seven hours. That's never really been what I do. I get one shot at this and I'm trying to attract the biggest possible crowd I possibly can. You can do a little bit of stuff for everyone. You can be a little bit of everything for all people. That's never been my role. And so it's still not the way my mind works. That's the serious answer to your question. Yeah, it's a great answer, actually. Very good. You're the only human that could probably give that answer, too. So I appreciate you doing that. Yeah, give that answer too so i appreciate you doing that yeah i mean so so i'm old enough to remember when there were there was a cover story in sports illustrated magazine that said has the nhl surpassed the nba in popularity this was sometime in the early 90s and it was when wayne gretzky was in la and there was all of that kind of conversation. And I feel like there has been that, that, so that, that evolution or that ebb and flow, um, always continues. And I've always felt it was my job to follow it, not to lead it because I've always believed if I go someplace that my audience isn't interested in, they'll go find someone else who's going to take them where they want to go maybe i'm wrong maybe in this day and age you're right and your audience is loyal enough to you that they'll follow you wherever it is you want to take them and i think that's going to be really interesting to watch going forward we give a lot of people a lot of reason to leave i think that's the you know so like adding another one you know isn't like that big and I respect and appreciate what you just said there because you're actually being transparent about a business and an industry that all of us have followed along with and asked and wondered these same exact things. And you're literally the person that can answer. So I appreciate that. And I do think we're in the clips era now where clips of things are being seen by their fan base. Like, whenever we do hockey, hockey the hockey clip hockey people are going to find it you know and they're like thankful for it and also you got people that are new to maybe sport of hockey that are like okay the more i learned the better it is so that's reflect verse create is such an interesting view on this thing and i know that like your time is is something that is taken up by studying sports all the time and knowing what everything is. Are you also a magician? Like, are you currently palming something? Are you going to make that disappear? This is just a capsule water bottle. I mean, I always have something in my hand. No, I know, but you palm that thing. You're a magician. Like, you could do the flipping thing where you can palm shit. I didn't know you... I don't even know. I mean, I'd love this to be more interesting than it actually is. I just have my hand crumpled up. I can't even find the... I'm sending you a $30 magic kit. You're going to be able to do... Untap potential. If you can palm quarters and stuff, the amount of... Oh my God. You don't even know you might be a hall of fame magician which might be the next i would give anything to do man i love media man when i come across so in this day and age you probably say so i can explain you the things i understand you understand the internet way better than i do which is to say i don't know these algorithms know me way better than i know myself somehow Somehow, Instagram Reels, which is what I have instead of TikTok, right? I see all the TikToks like two weeks later on Instagram Reels. They send me magic clips all the time. And I don't even know how they figured out that I love this stuff, but I can't get enough of it. David Blaine, whom I've never met, is I think one of the greatest performers in the entire world of any kind. I could sit and watch him endlessly, and I could never possibly do what he does. Believe me, the last thing in the world you want to see me do is try and figure out something interesting to do with the caps of this bottle of water. I think we would like to see Greeny in front of a couple thousand people. Oh, so bad. Trying to pull off a card trick, you know what I mean? The balloon thing. Oh, yeah, the balloon thing that David Blaine did where he was just flying through the sky with 100 balloons and a little bit of an engine. Strapped in. Yeah, strapped in and hanging out. Chris Angel is who you need to get. Hold your phone up. Is this your phone you're on right now? Yeah. Chris Angel. Chris Angel. So now we just got in your algorithm. algorithm uh chris angel's okay wait till you see he's gonna take somebody's legs off of an upper body it's about to happen on your reels it's insane see what he did to shack the card that he had picked from a deck earlier was inside an uncut lemon and harrison ford had the only answer that i think was appropriate in that moment which was get out of my house like if you can do that i i don't i don't i don't want to know how you do it there's no question in the world that is that that that's the not the act of a human being so i love all that and who's the real life demon right now that we all know and got to see at the draft spectacular it's o's o's the mentalist this guy's an actual demon oh yeah yeah he's phenomenal it's a different kind of thing so he did a trick with us once. When we were starting Get Up, the earliest edition of Get Up, which you of course, Pat, will remember well and you were an important part of when it was me, Beatle, and Jalen. The very first thing we ever did, he came on and he put an idea into my head. And I'm still not exactly sure how I did it, but he got me to predict the score of something that happened in the future. And I have no idea how he did it. To this day, I don't know how he did it. Was it right? Was it right? He was right. He did at the time. Packers-Niners. And he was right. Packers-Niners, 24-7 or 34-17? 34-27. 34-27. He said you're one point off there. there. And that's a game coming up next year. He predicted the entire draft. Even the Pennix. Even the Pennix pick. In a... whatever. Greeny, you're the man. We appreciate the hell out of you, brother. Well, it's always a pleasure. I'll see you soon. Hockey. Go to the game tonight. You should go. It's in my algorithm now. What's going to happen is I'm going to get magic and I'm going to get hockey on my reels later. And then guess what's going to happen? Sweet. GetUp's going to have Chris Angel taking somebody's legs off their body on GetUp. Yep. And then also we're going to have the hockey on GetUp. Thank God. Holy shit, we did it. Thank you to the algorithm. Nobody's really giving love to algorithms. You're the man. You're the best. Mike Greenberg. Thank you. That is awesome. Reflective of things. So this is what people are watching. So we are going to reflect that in our coverage of Sportsbeat. It makes sense. And obviously, we're not going to cover things that, well, actually, we have. We have covered things that nobody has watched. And that's not necessarily the greatest, I think, linear ratings. What's that? I mean, there's something you said yesterday in Romania that nobody has watched. So we're not going to cover that. Yeah, I figured you're not. Not going to cover that. Some of these fighting leagues are getting a little bit wild. I imagine that's incredibly boring, though. Yes, I would say. It's like doing it every day. Obviously, during football season, it's easier when you have all those teams and you can bounce around from game to game. But, like, you're talking about one game for two hours. Today they did a season outlook for the Cowboys and Steelers, which. You know, that's home runs if you need it. And those clips are good too, right? Because their fans enjoy that. So you do what you got to do. I just think, like, the absence of hockey was a wild decision that was made seemingly at one time. Now, there was a time, and I guess we should have followed up with this, where it was believed because it wasn't on ESPN, it wasn't talked about. But now it is on ESPN, and it still wasn't really getting talked about. As a human that enjoys at least understanding what the hell is going on in hockey throughout the year, not able to watch every single game, it's like, shouldn't it get some sort of play on there? Especially when you got the rangers who are right in your backyard and they're going to three consecutive overtime like all these games are incredibly entertaining and like edge of your seat like it just i mean i don't know again you know he knows better than than we do for how to run his show but like you would think hey there's only a handful of these games left like you know just throwing in 10 minutes of that like at least changes things up for them and kind of gets them more engaged as opposed to like, okay, we just did this for one block. Now let's do the exact same thing after commercial. I do enjoy the shit out of Greeny. Greeny's a person that's supposed to hate me. For sure. You know what I mean? Greeny's a human. Maybe if he didn't know you, maybe if he didn't talk to you, he didn't know you. Well, that's what I'm saying. But he was the one that opened the door and was like, hey, I would like this guy to be on my show. Greeny was the one that was like, I want this guy on the show. Not in the suit to the ESPN. We're like, you know, we think you should be on Get Up. Greeny was like, I would like this guy on the show. in this thing. Now, that doesn't mean you necessarily have to do everything, and it does, but anytime I've ever had a question, he's answered for it and I appreciate the hell out of him. Greeny's the rudder. Don't you think Greeny's like the rudder? He's the rudder that sets the sports world in the direction that they're going for that day. Well, Mike and Mike definitely at what, 6 a.m. they were absolutely gigantic. I referenced what Mike and Mike was whenever I was talking to Bob Iger and Jimmy Pataro about our show. It's like, if we can get on the road, because they used to travel to places. They used to travel to the games. They were like a part of it. It's like, I think we would enjoy doing that. Now, nobody will be able to replicate them. They're both Hall of Famers. That show is phenomenal. But on in the morning when i used to do bob and tom i was incredibly lucky to do bob and tom here in indianapolis indiana and tom griswold you know is uh bob bob cavoli and tom griswold tom was the one that was like recruiting me to come do the show i didn't want to do it because it was around for so long i knew of it i didn't want to ruin it to be honest that was 100 the case and tom griswold was pitching it and he talked about being the morning show it's like morning show first hack at jokes you're the you get the first hack at the jokes of whatever it is because everybody's gonna be covered the same shit so you kind of get the first hack at it it's like in sports world you get the first you get the first hacks at the takes you're like setting what the thoughts are yeah for a lot of people that are tuning into a show to hear what the thoughts are so a lot of responsibility in those early morning shows and get up obviously is the first, whenever it comes to daytime shows, after SportsCenter runs in the morning. So it's like they are literally the first ones kind of setting the table for every other sports talk that is. And he knows that. 20 years, he said, I've been doing it. It's like, yeah, that's a long-ass time being the one that kind of leads the way for, what, an entire sports fan base? I mean, when this show was in its infancy of us doing the daily sports show, like when we were on the zone and you were doing the get-up run and we would go to New York, that was the prep for the show. You'd go in and be like, hey, get-up has all of this. This is what we're going to talk about today. It just made things easier when we didn't really know, okay, should we be covering this stuff? Should we be covering this stuff? It really was like okay i'm gonna go do get up you guys watch get up and then we kind of have like the bare bones of what we're going to talk about and if you look at every other show pretty much yeah it's the same thing you know and green you know i respect the fact that he knows that because there's like a couple leech accounts on x that rip our videos and act like they're theirs and run an entire business off it and i like get pissed think about the amount of ideas that have been stolen from green over over the years and he just gotta be these motherfuckers wouldn't even have a business with you know what i mean like that entire 20 years of it and he's still just like hey let's get up and let's do it again whatever i love his mindset well that's what i was gonna say juice bro yeah i didn't know all that stuff about like how mike and mike was viewed in the beginning so like without knowing greenberg i absolutely what you said, that is someone I would expect to hate you. But then hearing that, it's like, oh, okay, so Greeny was kind of this exact type of thing just 25 years ago. A lot of the Mike and Mike fans say towards the end it got different, which is going to happen any time you have a run at the success level that they had for as long as they did. But Golik and Greeny woke up a lot of people. Oh, yeah. For a long time. Long time. Long time. Thank you for your service, you two. Thank you, Mike and Mike. Thank you for your service, you two. Let's talk about some stuff happening around the NFL. Obviously, this man is the all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. Ty Schmidt, an owner of the Green Bay Packers. Well, Tom Brady was on the herd heard with Colin Cowherd just yesterday chit-chatting about the future of Jordan Love and listen what he had to say some of these teams and you look at Jordan Love who I was watching some of those clips that you had on before I came on but he had Aaron Rodgers to watch he got that's that's the best type of training in my opinion watch someone else do it at a very high level and then try to emulate them with your own personality maybe a little bit of the misnomer with the draft is that these players can come in and all of a sudden become this great professional player before they've really had the training and the development so i i think we all kind of echo those sentiments uh if you look at basically anybody that has seemingly had a little bit patch mahomes waited 16 games or 15 games, if it was a 16-game season or a 17-game season, I don't recall. He didn't play until the last game, whenever they had already secured the number one seed in the AFC, so they rested Alex Smith. Patrick Mahomes plays against the Denver Broncos. He goes bananas in that game, just like he had been doing in practice, I guess, all year. And they decided to move on from Alex Smith and start Patrick Mahomes. We all think, holy shit, that's crazy. But he got to watch Alex, and I think he's giving credit to Alex. In that particular conversation, he talks about all the people that helped him before. Drew Bledsoe, and he started going through all the coaches that he was able to watch. And I have always said that if Andrew Luck, who is an incredible quarterback, obviously, if he plays longer, he goes on to be one of the greats of all time, I believe. The Colts win Super Bowl, I believe, if he goes on to play. If he would have had a chance to watch Peyton for one year, just one year, watch Peyton off the field, in the meetings, in the building, how you talk to people, what you're allowed to say to coaches, like, nah, I ain't doing that. Like, you're allowed to do that. I think it would have helped him immensely and maybe even kept him, like, in the game longer if he was able to do it. But obviously, you're number one overall pick. The pressure's on you immediately. It's like, what happened with Jordan Love, although it had to be miserable to be the topic of conversation in the way that it was, and we've never held that against Jordan Love, obviously, as a show, single week for the last four seasons but it's like what a learning situation that was for him and he also took advantage of it aj you know not everybody does that and i think that's a big part of it as well i think that's the the biggest thing right there he actually seems like he took advantage of it and jordan love was very quiet through the whole process if you remember remember we were they're putting up clips of him they're going through the bags and throwing the ball into the net and he's missing the net multiple times, and people are just trying to find a reason of why this guy's not going to work and all of this stuff. And he just kind of stuck to it and never really said a whole lot, at least publicly, and went to work and definitely watched Aaron. And Aaron got to watch Brett, and he talks about that too, how valuable that was. But it's just where we are right now. Teams are worried. You've got to win now out of there we're gonna we're gonna kick you to the curb if you're the coach or whoever you are gm whatever it may be and teams don't really want to be patient or feel like they don't have the they don't have the luxury to be patient which kind of leads to like are we being hypocritical then about the pennix conversation if he sits for a couple years behind kirk and he's way ahead of where anybody could ever expect him to be and then obviously with the green bay packers doing it with Brett to Aaron and then doing it to Aaron with Jordan Love we were even a part of it like why would why why why for sure it's like now the benefits are immense he looked like a vet last season yeah like he was the team there for a while and you guys got to be comfortable for another 10 years 15 years at this point what a position to be yeah for sure and I think it was like the back half of the season you knew like, okay, he's the guy. But I think this upcoming year, like I think he's really going to surprise some people because that's what they said. Like this is finally LeFleur's offense. You know, he kind of had to cater to Rodgers, obviously, because he'd been there so long. And Rodgers had a lot of that he wanted to do that was a little bit different than what LeFleur wanted to do. But they drafted Jordan Love because he worked so well in what LeFleur was trying to do. And even like the first eight weeks of the season last year, they kind of had the training wheels on and I don't think they were super comfortable with throwing everything at him. And then there was just kind of that point where everything changed and was like, okay, he can handle this. He can kind of run this show. And we saw what he did but i think a big part of this too that no one really talks about because everyone has their uh opinions on rogers is you have to give a lot of credit to rogers the way he handled like he went out and he did kind of mentor jordan love like there was the big thing when rogers got drafted farve was very public saying like hey listen it's not my responsibility to get this kid ready all right if he wants to watch and learn from me, like that's one thing, but I'm not going to hold his hand and get him ready to take my job. And I don't want to say Rodgers held Love's hand to get him ready to take his job, but he was very forthright and honest about the fact that like, hey, it was very awkward and kind of weird and icy with me and Brett, and I don't want that to be the situation with me and Jordan. So if he's open to learning from me, I'm going to give him everything I have and bring him along as much as I can, and obviously that's paid dividends. He's going to have to ask questions. I'm not laying out a pitch deck to him. Remember that? That was what I think every veteran in the NFL has said. Like, hey, I I got to prepare for my job. Like, what do we, this is the biggest league on earth. I can't be coach another guy to also prepare for myself. But if he has questions, I will answer. It's not my job to put together a presentation on how to be a fucking NFL quarterback. That is not the responsibility of me. I don't think that is. And everybody has kind of said that throughout it. Now, this leads to whenever we do draft analysis and we say, this guy's not going to be ready for another year or two. It's like that should be how it is. Like you should feel good with Drake May's situation with what everybody's saying, especially because Jacoby Brissett has been a starter before, has been around in multiple buildings, sees what works, what doesn't work. You would think he would be the perfect setup for Drake May up there for the Patriots. Oh yeah, it's unbelievable. I couldn't be happier about the status of the Patriots now, especially because when you do look around the division, there are so many good teams just inside with the Jets and Rodgers and all the guys that they added, like Green said, and Josh Allen and the Bills and now Tua with the guys they're paying down there in Miami. But what you said about Penix and Kirk, the difference is just that all those guys in the past, Rodgers, Butzo with Brady, you know, those situations, they already had their guy. Like, they didn't go out that same offseason to get a guy. And then, yeah, and then draft a quarterback. Like, that's why that situation is so shitty. But in New England, yeah, I couldn't be happier. It's a win-win because if drake may end up starting then that means he won the job obviously i hope he sits kind of like the josh allen thing where fitz magic started 11 games and then josh allen came in late and still got some games under his belt before going into his second season but yeah i think the the strategy that you know the packers have done so well that elliot wolf Wolfe came over and kind of didn't adopt or bring there on his own, but his philosophy at least, especially when it comes to drafting guys, receivers, and all those things of that nature, as a Patriots fan, you've got to be pumped. And if you're a Falcons fan, if this ends up working out, it doesn't matter. Who cares? When does it work out, though? How many years? I mean, Jordan Love took four? Yeah, four years. After Kirk's done, if Pennix plays eight to ten years for the Falcons, this is a massive success. And if Kirk's great. Yeah, exactly. That's what they're aiming for, right? Kirk to be great, lead the way here for young guy to become the guy. Stay healthy. Yeah, do whatever. You get hurt now. We've got a young guy who's top 10 pick. I'm excited to see how the Falcons thing does shape up. Especially preseason. Pennix comes out and lights up the preseason. Can you imagine how juiced people are going to be? He throws one of those deep balls down. I would love to know what Drake Lund and Kyle Pitts and B. John Robinson are thinking. You put them in an interesting situation, especially with never being around Kirk Cousins. Let's pivot away from the NFL. Let's go to golf. Charges have been dropped. Wow. Really? Cool letter put out, buddy, too. We will certainly get into Detective Dumbass's entire... I don't know if that's his name. It seems to be the case, though. That might not be his name. There it is. Mr. Gillis. Not related to Shane at all. Shout out to tires, by the Brian Gillis. There it is. Mr. Gillis. Not related to Shane at all. It might be. You never know. Shout out to tires, by the way. Shout out. That's good. I've seen a little bit. That baby Shane. That baby Shane. Keep it going, Shane. That baby. But, you know, Detective Gillis has released a statement now after an agreement has been reached between Scheffler and Louisville where nobody will Nobody will sue anybody for this entire thing. Okay, Scotty? We just drop the charges. Yep. And we both just move along. Never see each other again. Never sue each other. Well, Detective Brian Gillis had a statement for immediate release. A tragic incident occurred. The family of Mr. Mills remains in my family's thoughts and prayers. Amen. It was very, very tragic what happened when a member of the PGA Tour vendors was killed and hit by a car down the road before, obviously, the situation with Scotty Shuffler, in which this guy who's writing this statement lied about mostly everything, and we saw it all on video. But don't worry, that will not change his stance. This was a chaotic situation for everyone involved. Ensuring the safety of everyone in the vicinity was my utmost priority. Thank you for protecting and serving, sir. Mr. Shuffler and I both agree that there will be no ill will over this going forward. Instead of giving a negative public reaction, he chose to speak with dignity, humility, and respect. My family and I appreciate that. Now, he did not make that deal with us. No, he didn't. That deal was not with us. It was unfortunate and disturbing to hear Steve Romines, who's the lawyer for Scotty Scheffler, who we've seen with a beard and with a clean face commentary today claiming that a false arrest was made and for him to challenge my honesty and integrity i'd be surprised and disappointed mr sheffield actually important making those statements to be clear i was drugged by the car i went to the ground and i received visible injuries to my knees and wrist i'm gonna recover from it and it will be okay this is the extent of my commentary on incident. The reality is that there are more important things in the world right now than a back and forth over this. A person lost his life that day and a family lost a loved one. Agreed. We're all bummed out about that. Not a bad way to grandstand at the end of a quote, though, to kind of keep it moving, you know, after how you feel. At the end of the day, I take pride in working for the people in the community to preserve their safety. I've spent two decades trying to protect this city through some challenging times, and I would like to keep doing so without the distractions caused by this series of events that he created. Once again, I wish Scotty Scheffler and his family all the best. Sincerely, B-Mills. B-Mills. P.S. Yes, the department has us buying freaking $80 pants. To those concerned, they were indeed ruined. But Scotty, it's all good. I never would have guessed I'd have the most famous pair of pants in the country for a few weeks because of this. Take care and be safe. Brian, don't even put the detective at the beginning. He said we're friends now. But we saw the video. Like, what do we even... You didn't get dragged. You sprinted up to a car and tried to break the windshield of it, and then he immediately stopped. And then maybe whenever you were reaching into his window to try to either put it in park or turn it off before dragging him out, your pants were ruined on the side. Maybe there was poop, bird poop, on the side of the car. Could have been. Even though it was a wet early morning. And maybe when he was reaching in, almost elbowing the number one golfer in the world in the head while trying to do it, maybe he got bird poop on his pants that weren't even able to come out. Maybe that was what's going on. Maybe poop did leave his butt through the entire process after finding out, oh, no, that's Scotty. Oh, no. You guys got my back, right? This is a wild turn of events, but it's over. And we're all thankful for it, A. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure it's over. I mean, the fact that... Allegedly. Are we surprised that the arrest happened after reading this letter? I don't think so. Not at all. The P.S. at the bottom, the $80 pants situation. What a bizarre way This whole thing is just ridiculous. And I understand why this is... Yeah, this is the guy that arrested Scott. Yeah, this is why it happened. And he'll continue to be in the community. Yep. Send him on out there. Two more decades. Thank you for your service. For sure. To police officers. Okay? Not an easy job. Scary job. Not a lot of people come home. Okay? But this is the type of guy that all the other cops are like, shut up. Please. Stop. You're not helping us. We saw the video, dude. Yeah, come on. Everyone saw the video. Evidence. Dragged. What do you mean dragged? Did he have like his coat got caught and he got dragged or something? He doesn't know what it means. We're back tomorrow. More investigating. That was how it ended. Nice. Nice. More investigative. Investigative journalist. I thought the letter was fake. I legit thought it was. I thought the PS part was fake. I thought the whole thing was fake. I'm pissed. I mean, maybe it's fake. Maybe everybody's getting duped, but I don't think that. I don't think so. Nope. That's his signature. We're happy it's dropped, though. Yeah. Yes. It is weird it got bruises visible on my wrists and my knees. Now, we're not going to ask where those bruises potentially came from. I don't know what this guy's doing in his free time. No idea. You know, like, I watch my baby crawl around the house, and I think to myself, her knees. It's crazy that they ever hurt him. Maybe this guy, you know, there's people that act like cats. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Maybe this guy is, at night, catting around the house. Could be. That'd be cool. Cat-cowin', at least. Yeah. He got caught on the wrong stuff. You know, they gave him a little catnip. He was a little... Went outside by accident. Yeah. Maybe he was on AstroTurf. That old school... House cat. AstroTurf. That's tough He was going around on the AstroTurf, and all of a sudden, wrists and knees kind of bruised up. We don't know. No. Didn't Greeny talk about this this morning? I thought Greeny set the tone this morning. Yeah, that's why we're following suit here. Exactly. Drop the suit. We'll follow suit. Scotty Scheffler is now a man that doesn't have a felony charge. All right, Scotty. Pretty cool. What a wild scene, dude. Countersuit would have been awesome. I'm bummed that he said nothing. We agree not to sue each other. I would have loved to see Scottie say, you know what? Actually, you're the reason that I didn't win a fucking major. So I'm going to go ahead and carry out this. You know what? His lawyer who was presented with the, hey, we're going to drop the charges. Just with the, hey, we're going to drop the charges. Just nobody's allowed to be smudged. Anybody like this is we're going to sign an NDA. We're not going to do anything for you. No future lawsuits. None of that. He goes, no, I'll take it to him. But this is bullshit. And then he takes it, Scotty. Oh, it's bullshit. All this is bullshit. You were you were a false arrest. Like we can really because of the amount of attention this has been given. How many times this happens in real life that doesn't get heard about to a lot of different people because it's not the number one golfer on earth, but they will drop the charges. Bullshit. If I am acting as your legal counsel, this is bullshit. We should be able to say no. Or go. Yeah, this is not how this potential legacy. Yes. It's a major. Millions of dollars. Bingo. Whole thing. PGA Championship. That's what his lawyer was obviously saying because you hear his lawyer go, this is bullshit. Like, his lawyer's like, against my recommendation. Yeah, this is happening. That's not Scotty, though. Scotty's just like, all right. Yeah, we're done with it. I like cops. Yeah, we all like cops, but, if your boy grows up to be a lawyer and he hears that you didn't encounter Sue, as a lawyer, he might be pretty pissed at you. I mean, maybe he did talk about it. That should have been his angle. That should have been his angle. This guy had a baby, got arrested, played in a major all in one week, got a felony charge against him all in one week. Well, that mugshot lives forever now. It's like the same thing. And then we saw the body cam footage of the other cop who instead of, kind of instead, like Scotty's shell-shocked, like, hey, I thought I was just following instructions. I'm just trying to get in here and kind of do what I gotta do. Instead of de-escalating the situation, kind of talk to him a little bit more. He's like, no, you knew he was a cop. Why do you think we got these fucking yellow jackets on? Get your ass out of the car right now. What if Scotty were to respond and be like, well, I play in a tournament every single week and all the security people wear yellow jackets, actually, and they're not all cops that are outside big events like this. What if Scotty does give any smart-ass answer? If Scotty Scheffler with that situation. Like, I couldn't even fathom me sitting there. Imagine how upset most people would be. They'd be pissed. Like, people would be responding violently. That lady from Seattle City? Bingo. Could you imagine what she would have done? Oh, my God. Because he starts saying, yeah, you bruised him. Yeah, we saw it. You sold a cop, bro. He's like, oh. And Scotty even kind of agrees to it because i would assume scotty could not see and once again it was dark and rainy and he heard boom so at that moment when scotty's being talked to by detective or cop scotty probably is oh jeez i'm in bitch oh yeah i don't know i probably felt so terrible think about it scott scotty's definitely we know i dragged him yeah what yeah i kill somebody yeah oh i'm a bad guy when that guy's body cam was on so So I bet if you keep rolling that footage, there is absolutely a shot of that detective with his pants in, like, there's no doubt about it. Well, and how about them just talking? Yes. Yeah. And that's probably why they're like, we don't need any follow-up. Bingo. Yes. We don't need any, what's that Discovery, there it is. Yeah, Discovery. I remember that was part of a threat to us whenever Brett Favre and their people were suing us. You want to get to a Discovery phase? I don't care. Does he? Yeah. Yeah, you tell us. Yeah, no, you might be right. Let's just drop it. What a scene. That was a real time for our show. Oh, yeah. Super Bowl. Real lawsuit. Real lawsuit. I remember when you got the letter. I remember when you got that. Yeah, it was wild. That was a crazy time. In Arizona. Scott Scheffler, you know, his lawyer was like, yeah, we need to do one of those. Yeah. I wish. I truly do. No way. If I'm Scottie, I want this fucking over his festival. No doubt about it. So you're telling me I need to not talk ill about a guy that lied on a police report and everybody saw it on Earth, allegedly? Yep. Yeah, all right. That sounds good. But the guy called Scotty's lawyer a liar. He didn't directly call Scotty. On the other hand, his lawyer. He said, look, I like this guy. Just like Ty. Look, I love whoever. It's like Ty, how he starts it. No, I think he, Ty says that about people he hates. Ricochet. Strictly. I'm not saying he hates Scott. I'm saying he believes his story, that he got dragged in his pants and all that. If we know this personality profile well enough, this guy is trying to meet up with Scottie Sheff for five years from now for a, hey, you want to talk? Like, I'm thinking. We're going to find out, too, how they feel about him because if more body cam footage does come out, you got to think like they might say. It's not going to come out. I hope it does. I was surprised that this came out, the three-minute one. Like, do we think the three-minute one was even going to come out? True, very true. It was long. It was tough to get through. You go 130 into that. It is tough, especially after seeing the video. That's the whole, like, some people saw it and not everybody. The whole world. You know why? Because he's a number one golfer. Start to finish, too. We saw it. Not as if it was, like, halfway through and there was already something going on. Like, saw him slam on the window. Like, we saw the whole entire day. What if he't that what he's saying, probably? He got dragged for the split second behind the bus? Yeah, so he was on all fours like Braun Breaker, and then he got up and chased that car. Have you seen this video of Braun Breaker coming through Monday Night Raw down there in Savannah? He should not be able to move this well for how big and jacked he is. Dude, how about he's absolutely jacked. His ass is an inch and a half off the ground while he's in a full, you know, like, pouncing stance. He's a freak. This, hey. He's the one. Bob Reagan's the real deal. He's the one. Barking is a cool thing. Sweet. Love the barking. Love the barking. Ripping his shirt off every time he just absolutely implants someone into the mat. Yeah, it's an in and full line. Yeah. his shirt off every time he just absolutely implants someone into the mat. Yeah, it's an in and full line. We saw some of his highlights on the football field, obviously. The guy can move. He was a fullback. Look at this dude. Like a jungle cat. He wasn't allowed to be there, obviously. He snuck in. Is he a Bosa? He was suspended for a week. He might be a Bosa. That is what he looks like, isn't it? Look That is what he looks like, isn't it? Look at his traps. Look at his hat. Look how low he is just casually crawling. So pliable and flexible. And Ricochet just did a shooting star in the background. The highlight of Monday night. It's through the... And... Boom! Explodes through Ricochet. And then he would do the same to Ilya, by the way. And Ilya wouldn't be able to walk behind... they had to get him they had to peel his ass his russian ass off the mat yep and they get him to the back he couldn't even stand up in the back because braun breaker broke him in half that's what that cop i guess did right yeah if that was the whole length of the bus and that's the very end instead of a spear yep his move was I'm breaking the windshield. Double axe handle to the windshield. Let's get to a break. Only here. Only here. We're trying to get to the bottom of this. Kind of talk about journalism. Scotty freaking Scheffler, man. How about him saying, I'm happy we're past this and not suing each other. What he was thinking to himself is, I'm going to do this again tomorrow. That's what that was thinking to himself is, I'm going to do this again tomorrow. That's what that looked like. I did nothing wrong. You know what that sounded like? I mean, there was not even a single, I will be more careful with my... None. You're right. I think Scotty came in second last week. Could you imagine? The good thing, though, Scotty kind of pumps Scotty up, puts him in his face, at least out there in the mainstream, because people say for how good Scotty is, he's not as recognizable as he should be. Yes, bingo. He's a bad boy. He's an outlaw. He is an outlaw. With that beard and everything. Whatever. Thank you for serving the community to all police officers. Oh, yeah. Legit. This is just like whenever we potentially point out some flaws in referees. This is not all refs we're talking about. But this is certainly a situation that I assume happens on a more than never basis. For sure. And it's all happening in front of our eyes. Next hour, we got B-Stew. Let's go. Brianna Stewart. Okay. Four-time national champion in college. That's absurd. How does that even happen? Pretty good. Still pretty good. I mean, shimmy shake, one hand off the glass right in front of my face. I was not familiar with her game. I had no idea she really existed. That's all me. We're trying to change that, obviously. Yep. Now she's launching a league where they're going to pay women's basketball players more money than ever. More money than any women's sport has ever paid women. Holy shit. Can't wait for that convo. Also, J.J. Watt has publicly released, although I think they came in last night. He's got the J.J. Watt ones. Ooh, that's sick. Going down to Cary, North Carolina. I don't think you're allowed to have that cleat up there in the front. I'm not sure those are regulation soccer boots. Better saw that off. Those are football, American football cleats. He will have to or scrape it off of there. They look sweet, though. I wonder how he is on the field. We'll see you next week, Don Terry. Great touch in that video he posted. Yeah, I'm going with Terrell. He triple beats somebody. Might have went out of bounds either side of the field, but no, it looked good. Coach Gump, we've been getting to work, haven't we? Oh, yeah. Left peg yesterday, brother. I've been seeing some of that. Gump seems like a great coach, great trainer. Yeah, he is. He certainly is. Good vibes, good vibes. Okay. That's begging, Coach. A lot of spot. That's where you're going to be anyway. Cherry pick. I'm not cherry picking. I don't do that, but I will certainly be near the front bow. Bottom exact same spot. We're hitting corners, bud. We're hitting paint right now. Trying. Hell yeah. I was very worried I was going to wake up today and the left leg was not going to be able to bend. But. And. There it is Hey, you're good. That's science. I mean, I haven't kicked with my left foot decades. Are there doctors and people down there for if people do end up getting hurt down there in 150 degree weather? I'm worried about death for me. Every ligament in both of my knees and ankles. Definitely worried about those. And then obviously every muscle from about here down. Sure. Potentially gone next week, but concava SC shall rise. Yep. Boom. Yeah. I'm worried about that. Hey, what are the odds that you bicycle kick a goal? That's what I want to see. Yeah. Hi. Somebody. Maybe somebody on the squad. Fosso, if he can get out of the MRI machine. Can he bicycle kick one? Me and Fosso are potentially in the same position after about five minutes into game one. And that's going to be on bench for the rest of the tournament because we hurt ourselves so bad. The good news is the rest of Concava SC is in shape. Ladies and gentlemen, it is time to debut the official roster for Concava. Alright, this is a big deal. Let's go. 20 spots. Multiple goalkeepers, two of them. A couple of futsal national team members. Ex-US men's national team members. MLS players. European players. Ladies and gentlemen, the official roster of the Concava SC presented by Dude Wipes competing in Cary, North Carolina. Now, as you look across that group, I'm not going to be able to dive into everybody's bio. But just know, we got U.S. men's national team experience. We got futsal experience. We got indoor arena soccer league experience currently. We got the golden boot, I believe, of the arena league coming and playing for our team. And although some people might not recognize all these humans on this team, we got dogs across the board. I mean. And Jeff Cameron up there at the top, he led training camp. He's got a conditioning building, I think, and facility that he goes through. Knows all these guys. Mike Grella, former teammate of mine way back in the day, he pieced together this team. Mike Foss, obviously, senior vice president of ESPN. But, yeah, our team is a good team, quality team. We're going to win. I mean, I need an Eddie Speed jersey. Ed Speed? Are you kidding me? That's the first name we all saw. Eddie Speed? Give me that. He looks like a pro soccer team. Is he the golden boot? Yeah, We have a real team. Hell yeah. I've not met most of these humans. Sure. I'll be meeting them next Tuesday night in Cary, North Carolina. That's right. And we will have a night of camaraderie. And obviously, I can't wait to hear Mike Foss' speech. I can't wait to hear Jeff Cameron's speech. Obviously, Mike Grella will have to say something. I'll probably add in a little tidbit of what I think we need a little grit, a little job. Which the boys have. Whenever they were recruited to this team to make this 20-person roster. Had to have the right stuff. Got dogs. You got a guy with an Ovich at the end of his name. That's all that really needs to be said. To be clear, I'm still learning about a lot of these guys. How did you put it together? How did you put this squad together? Me? Yeah, so I just said, hey, Foss and Grell, you guys figure it out. I'm part of it. I'll do it. Jeff Cameron, West Virginia guy at one point met. He's the biggest name right now. Gordy Gerson. I feel like I know him. Gordo? Gordo? Well, there's an Escobar on the team. And just know. Yeah. Got Stoner's brother there too, Michael Stone. I'm excited for this team. Jeff Cameron, Stoke City legend. I watched him grow it up. He is very real. Smaller field. Okay. You guys are still in shape. Currently in shape because you do have to run. I think there's a lot of subs coming. So we're planning on being a. Blitz Creek. Yes. A speed team and a physical team. And then strategy at training camp last week or two weeks ago was implement. I mean, boys are really trying to play. Let's go. last week or two weeks ago was Implement. I mean, boys are really trying to play. Let's go. I don't know if everybody just gets a spot again next year or if that's going to have to be earned, but Concave SC is lucky to have the team that they do. All right, let's get to a break. Ladies and gentlemen, when we get back, Brianna Stewart, I can't wait to get down to Gary. Yeah. So much of me doing this. Great I'm going to bring some smelling salts I got some that I give my kids sometimes I'll bring some for the squad Edward Speed Here's an Ed Speed highlight film He's 5'9", 160 What a great name Ball's coming out, volley Oh my word Guys got a dome We got to set this guy up Well here's the deal JJ Watt's going to be 4x Everybody else He was on the menace team right there Set this guy up. Well, here's the deal. So, J.J. Watt's going to be 4X everybody else's. He was on the menace team right there. Edward Speed right back. Big dome. Boom! That thing is shot out of a can. Everybody's in shape. I'm very excited. I'm very, very excited. So, I'm only going to have to play a couple minutes. Yeah, exactly. That's all we need. It's like we fucking said it was. That night was a Aston Villa Super Bowl. Oh! Edge speed! Go back. Eddie speed, baby. Oh, goodness. Are you serious? Where is this game? Buddy, I'm telling you. Wambly. Jeez. Buddy, I'm telling you. We got guys. We got guys. I think. I mean, me being on the field is going to be to the detriment of our team, but I'm going to have to at least get two to three minutes a game. That's just how it's going to happen. I'm sorry about it. I've been working, so I'm going to have to do that. But, yeah, we're going to be playing ball. No way. Oh, blender. Oh. Here we go. In the box. Head speed. Oh, look at him. Oh, wow. Got dogs everywhere. I love this guy. It's 5'9", 160. So think about J.J. Watt out on the field. Just think about that. He's going to look like a rhinoceros. Oh, my God. Can you set picks in soccer? Can I have a stationary pick? No, so I'm not going to tell J.J. Watt, that this is probably how everybody's thinking with him playing on the field, but the amount of fouls people are going to try to draw from J.J. Watt with his incredible soft first touch. All you got to do is just get in between him and the ball and 6'6", 290. Touches your back. I mean, you're kidding. J.J. might get a red card every game. There's a chance, which we wouldn't want to see because he's got those cool cleats. He better not fucking touch Ed Speed or I'm rushing the field. Yeah. Speed jurors are going to sell quick, I do believe, as they should. He's due to have a big concave for ST. He's my early favorite for MVP. All right, let's get to a break. Brian Stewart will be on the other side. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. a live take. Fire! Fire! Here's Richardson. He takes it in for his first NFL touchdown. Gentlemen, congratulations. Thank you so much for taking the time where you're contractually obligated to. So I appreciate you guys being here. I want to be here. I just want you to know. Come on. I have watched you do your thing, man. Nothing but Nothing but respect and praise for you. You touch this Boys you're calling a national championship again, can I should be? Unbelievable. Should we be here? No! Probably not. No way! I kicked the ball to myself on that. Oh yeah. Right now, I kicked the ball to myself. That's right, you should have told CJ. Maybe the most athletic thing I've ever done in my entire being. Whoa, CJ. Yeah, happy to see you. I picked him to win, I'm alright. Congratulations on winning the AFC South as a rookie quarterback. It's a big deal. First time ever as a rookie. You okay? That's a big deal, CJ. Dude, you're absurd, bro. For how young you are? Playing in Indianapolis, that was probably the loudest stadium I played in in the NFL. Wow. That was like a college atmosphere. How about that? That's a lot! That's a lot! Yes! Move, move, move, move, move, move. Pete, you got two knees, two ankles? Two knees, two ankles, and some big boy pants that slide up around. Move along, move along, like I know you do. Move along. Where'd that guy's penis go? That guy had a lot of courage. It's true, of courage. It's ice cold in there. It's ice cold. It's a first documented button dick. Game day. That's what's being said. I didn't come up with that. That's what's being said. It was our show. Three hours, 15 minutes. Then it was a two hour gap. Then it was game day. Straight into national championship field pass for two schools that are going to be talking about this day for the rest of their lives both of these teams being chastised from all different angles washington there's no way this team from the pac-12 in their last year with kaylin deborah as the head coach can continue to win they're going to stumble somewhere. They didn't. Then you think about Michigan. Two separate suspensions for their head coach, and all they've done is stay the course. And tonight, banners, rings, reunion conversations forever on the line. What an honor it is to be here. Look at Belt Buckle, like you're a pet. Belt Buckle. Like with some light ranching again down here in Houston. He comes out of his cuts. He sees people. He shakes them. And he doesn't look anywhere near as small as you would think. He's powerful. I love Blake. A lot of NFL GMs are saying, wait a second. Is Michael Penix maybe one of the top three guys to go to the NFL? Because what he does with the football is stupendous. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the National Championship game for the 2023 college football season. That'll see the Washington Huskies representing the Pac-12 in its final year, taking on that team led by that man, the Michigan Wolverines in Jim Horvath. We're bouncing. We are house calling. Donovan Edwards, touchdown in the national championship. Extra point is up and good. D-Bot? D-Bot with the one-hand grab. National championship. D-Bot. Con man. What's the decibels over there? The decibels are high right now. Let me tell you, it's 106.4. This might be the line-up. Good decibel meter. We have actual gimmicks. Depending upon tonight, does JJ go to the NFL, which Mel Kiper has him as the fifth-rated quarterback in the draft? What does that mean, Mel? Well, it all means that he's got the physical and tangible tools in his head to be a first-round quarterback. I think he literally wins and wins. Oh, and there it goes. Donovan Edwards running into a left. That's two for the Michigan Wolverines and two for Donovan Edwards. Pete Thamel, how long has that sign blocker been doing it? And how has he gotten to a level where he's the best in the game? He's been a Michigan man for quite some time now. Obviously, he wouldn't have a job if it wasn't for that pesky bastard, Connor Stallion. But Coach Harbaugh, you know, he found a place for him in the Michigan family. A beautiful moment between the Harbaugh brothers on the sideline. The one on the right there, number one seed in the AFC. The one on the left, up 17-3 in the national championship. Third option. McFillin touchdown with a flag on Michigan. That'll stand for 17-10. That's the way the cookie crumbles. Michigan has the ball. Tony drops his mic. Tony drops his mic. Oh no. Oh noni. Welcome back to the national championship where elite athletes perform, and Tony Diggs does something to embarrass his entire family. I'm ready if Penix goes down. Sling. Boom! Snap, handoff by Cora. Has blockers. Got it. Breaks a tackle. Touchdown, Michigan. Penix is left. He hasn't looked there yet. Okay. He hasn't looked there yet. Hey! And the Michigan Wolverines are going to be national champions for the first time in a long time. Oh, yes. We got a streaker, security spear in the guys, losing his pants. Cops on top of him. Wow. Cross body. Wow. Cops got his knee on his sternum. Say, listen, Michigan man. Oh. Bag him and tag him, boys. I think pink shirt pulled a quad. Pink shirt was not ready. What a win, dude. Hey, look it, look it, look it, look it, look it. Wee Man, Wee Man's hit. Wee Man's hit. Wee Man's tied into the semi-slam. Look at Wee Man! Wee Man's here! Wee Man's here! Wee Man's headed to the Semi Zone! Look at Wee Man! Wee Man has beaten the hell out of the Semi Zone! Punches and punches from Wee Man! He learned something from Brock! And Wee Man back in the ring! He's stalking Semi! Listen to this place! Oh! To the kneecap! Wee Man man so angry hey let's go Let me say! Hey! What? Let's go! This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode the Thunderdome on this big journalism Thursday May 30th 2024 hour three of the program starts now. Sports are fantastic. AJ, don't need you making a mockery out of this. I honestly, I was very hesitant. I wasn't sure what it was today because it switched yesterday. And it could have been journalism today because we've been doing a lot of that. That's very fair. This man is the all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. That's AJ Hawk. The Toxic Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. One half of the hammer. Done. Cowboys tone. Diggs is here and joining us right now, ladies and gentlemen, is a goat. Yep. Okay? Is a goat. I was not necessarily familiar enough with her game until I had courtside seats to watch her go to work against the Indiana Fever on opening night here at the Gainbridge Fieldhouse just a few weeks ago. We're talking getting fouled, falling, one-handed, scoopy whoops, bank off the... No look pass from Yonescu, obviously. They cooked last night as well. And then a falling foul. How you doing? Keep it moving. Scoop. I'm sitting literally right underneath where that camera is right now. So that is actually my view. And I'm like, holy shit, what the fuck is this? Okay, Rick Carlisle, couple seats down from me. He goes, oh, yeah, that's Brianna Stewart. Yeah, she's like maybe the greatest of all time. Well, ladies and gentlemen, his words, not mine. He knows more about basketball. And now entrepreneur, business, Brianna Stewart. Yay, Brianna! Thank you guys for having me. That's a true story right there, Brianna. Absolutely true story. And I apologize for not knowing enough, but that night, what is this? You took that game over multiple times, and Carlisle paid you much respect, and everybody in the building did. I apologize for not knowing enough. Congrats on everything. Way to go. Four-time national champion. I got some birthdays I've missed and some celebrations. Four-time national champion. Two-time WNBA champion. Two-time WNBA MVP. Two-time WNBA finals MVP. Absolute legend. And now, I think after it's been announced, you're trying to change the future of women's basketball forever with this new league that you're starting tell me about how unrivaled has come together and uh when you think about the concept what does the future mean is this going to become the premier league for women's basketball well first of all pat i have to give you a little bit of shit for um being so behind with the wmba um we're happy that you're here now so thank you for coming to games i hope to see you when we come to indiana one more time later in the season okay we'll see what day it is you know i got stuff i never i'm busy but i will okay i will certainly come watch the liberty show um about unrivaled it's going to be three on three one on one top 30 players we're going to play 10 weeks in miami during the w's off season so we don't have a seven-week gap um and what's most exciting about it is it gives opportunities for players to play at home not go overseas build their brands and uh make six figures at least yeah and shams harani has been releasing a lot of the info about making six figures each and everything and we just learned and once again, we apologize, all right? Okay, be sure we apologize. We just learned what the rookie contract is for the Kaitlyn Clark. Whenever that was announced that the big three made an offer to her that was going to be like 5X, whatever she was going to be making in the WNBA. When you piece this whole thing together, obviously salaries are a massive part of it, but ownership is as as well first 30 players are going to get ownership in the league how is that going to come about and how what's the next like moves that you guys have to make to really get this thing launched in january 2025 yeah i mean i think that uh funding is closed right now so we're ready to go we had our official announcement today which means we we are taking off i think the the thing that you touched on was first 30 players, top 30 of year one are going to have a piece of equity in this league. So as we continue on, hopefully it only gets bigger and better and just continues to kind of put eyes on women's basketball in a different light. Go ahead, AJ. You said three on three, but you also said one on one. So if we go to one of these games, what are we going to see? Like, what does it look like, I guess, from start to finish? Yeah, so three on three, you're going to see full court. It's about a 60 foot court. It's not 94. So it's a little bit smaller than normal. There's going to be six teams of five. So everybody has two subs because as you guys's doing three on three will play one-on-one and um if you come you'll see fast games buckets and a lot of excitement is this going to be at night during day when is it um honestly the timing hasn't been announced i think that we're trying to to work through a tv deal with uh john skipper and dan levy. And whenever people want to watch us the most, that's when we're going to be. Well, I'll be intrigued because January, you know, end of football season. So you got nights that are definitely available. You got nights that are definitely available for mass audience. Not saying that your audience won't follow, but like mass audience. And if it's quick, upbeat, and it has great pace, and it has the top 30 players which people know let's have some success here let's have some success here we brought this up earlier to shams and i know that this isn't necessarily what the wmba wants to hear but like don't you think there's a chance that if women have ownership in this league and they're getting paid more money than they potentially make in the WNBA and you're living in Miami you know and it's a seven-week season and if it has a big platform is the W worried about this does the W know about this league and you know that's real like that's a real question how is that whole relationship uh Kathy Kathy definitely knows about the league and I think that right now we're we're just in in support of one another they want us to continue to um make this happen because they want us to be home as well for a basketball player usually you go overseas i played in china and turkey and russia um so i don't think that there's like any like hard feelings right now they're in support of us and making sure that we continue to up lift the W as they uplift us. Yeah. Go get them. Be still. You know what I mean? Go, go. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Hey, let's go. Let's go. You know what I mean? And I, that's what you get. I mean, you get the names and it's talking about yeah all of a sudden we're uh business is booming potentially how it all which is good for women's basketball all this is good this is just projections obviously for massive success go ahead tone yeah bsu what's the is the pace similar to for unrivaled versus what you would have been making overseas and you just said you played in china and russia are you worried that they're gonna be super pissed because you know they're not very understanding sometimes yeah we don't want that a sometimes. Yeah, we don't want that. A lot of times. Yeah, we don't want that. Mostly. I think the pay is going to be like, it's the highest average salary in women's sports in history. How many years? How many years do we have money right now for the funding for it to be the highest average salary for women's football? So we have funding for the to be the highest average salary for women's so we have funding we have funding for the next three let's go okay hey let's go um and as far as uh playing overseas i i love my time in china and russia and um i don't know if you guys know the wba has prioritization now so basically if you're late because you play overseas you'll be suspended the entire season so that's why like overseas isn't happening as much because the league is like, no. We're not doing this anymore. I think I saw a documentary on Diana Taurasi. She wasn't able to play maybe in the W because she was playing somewhere else and was making so much money. Russia just paid her like $1.2 million to not play. She just didn't. Can't vape though. No, no, no. Don't even. to not play, and she just didn't. Can't vape, though. No, no, no, no, no. Don't even. You pay a lot of money. Yeah, you know it. Yeah. Hey, we all learned a vital lesson there. Yeah. We all learned a vital lesson there. Serious. That was serious. Good lesson. That was serious. 1.2 million not to play. Okay, that all makes sense. on this because you were also like heralded as the next one and we're the number one overall pick but and lived up to it yeah we didn't get to say it at the time but congratulations long overdue yeah but with teams now when we go to fever games a lot of times it feels like the other team's mindset is like hey we're not going to be the team to let caitlin clark go absolutely bananas and you know is that a conversation for teams? Like when you guys played the fever, was it something that's like, hey, let's show Kaitlin Clark like the W's a little different than what it is in Iowa? Or is that just more so a tip of the cap respect to Kaitlin, face Gardner and all that thing, all that stuff? And did you get that type of treatment too? Yeah, I mean, I feel like when I was a rookie, there you get that type of treatment too yeah i mean i feel like when i was a rookie there was like every night was going to be a welcome to the league moment and and especially in my position you're going up against like maya and candace um and elena deladon and tina and they're all going to give you their their best night um and and for caitlin i think that you know obviously for for guards that are guarding her they want to make it really difficult um and then and then following the scout knowing that she's a focal point of their offense we have to do whatever we can to not let her get comfortable okay so the conversation around caitlin obviously here we go let's do it you guys hate her that's what i heard i heard you that's the word on the street i heard everybody hates her no way that's my God. No way. That's how it feels. That's how it feels in Indiana. No, no, no. No, I mean, I think I'm happy for her to be in this league, obviously. I'm happy that she's brought a whole bunch of new eyes along with Angel Reese and continuing to bring those fans. I mean, to be at the Fever game and for the game to be sold out like that, I'm not sure if every single one after has been sold out, but I know it's been close. And she's going to she's going to turn into a really, really great pro. But also people need to give her a little bit of time to be up and down and kind of figure it out and also realize, like, there's an adjustment when you go from college to pro in any level. But as you could see her her last game, she had like 30 points, and she's starting to get more comfortable. Yeah. I don't know if you were running around on any courts that the Iowa Hawkeyes women's team was playing against. I don't think so. I wonder if Kaitlin at one point was just like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. What you were doing. You step back. I mean, we're talking just like. Sir. The conversation, actually, that we had just says absolute dipshits in this entire thing. We're like, that's the one that could go play in the big three, it seems like. Yes. And then now, all of a sudden, you're announcing a three-on-three league. It's like, oh, maybe we are. Hey, wait a second. Maybe we're not. Are you guys going to have four-point shots? Are we going to do any of that type of stuff? Or is it just going to be we're playing basketball three-on-three against each other? I don't know about the four-point shot. I think right now we're just playing basketball faster pace. But I'll send him a message and say that maybe we should have that. Oh, maybe six-point. Yeah, from underneath the other group. Yeah, yeah. Moonball. And listen, if you want us to come up with ideas for the league, we got thousands of them. We got it. Yeah, we could certainly, I mean, I'm sure people will love them. Slide in a trampoline for a possession. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That'd be cool. We also obviously need spotlight, because people say they can shoot the lights out of the gym. Yeah. Let's see. you know you got a whole let's do this if we're gonna compete with the w let's go ahead and knock them off you know what i mean beastu i love how long has this been in process i think you already told us but this league and i assume this has been something that's been chatted about by women's basketball players for a long time like hey we need to figure out how to do something as opposed to going overseas how long has has this been kind of talked about? How long have you been a part of it? And why is now the time? So we've been in works for two years, and it seems like it's been a long time and a really short time. But now just the fact that we're able to be here, we're able to announce our launch. And like you said, you know, being able to be home, because not only being overseas to make money, but you're overseas means you miss holidays and you miss like moments with family. And now we'll be able to really just like have a deeper dive into the United States and the sports and the moment we have here. USA. USA. USA. Not just USA, they're down in Miami. Oh, yeah. That's a nice place to be in the USA. It's not a bad idea. No state income tax either, right? Mm-hmm. No. You guys can come to the Olympics, too, if you want. I mean, come on. USA. Let's do it. The Olympics? France? Paris smells like shit. I've heard it smell. I don Do you hear how obnoxious we are about you guys? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We are going to be insufferable through the Olympics. Just the absolute worst. We actually do have an international audience, and there's a lot of new people potentially on ESPN Plus and YouTube that haven't really experienced us during the Olympics. Just wait. You guys can do no wrong over there. Just know that. We will be very, very loud. Last question here comes from Ty. Yeah, B-Stew, just curious. There's been kind of a narrative going around with Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese and some of these other girls that have been drafted that, hey, this is the best the talent's ever been in the WNBA. But you also just mentioned some of those players that you were going against when you first came into the league. Do you think that's largely bullshit and that the talent's always been there? It largely bullshit and that the talent's always been there. It's just now people are kind of paying more attention. And then also on the Olympics, has the Olympic Committee said, like, hey, USA, you guys have to play on your knees for every game so you don't win by 150 points? Or how does that work? That's a good question. How's journalism? What if it did? We'd still win by 25 to 30 probably every game. What if she broke the news right now that yeah the olympics the olympics have told us that we have to play with one leg behind her that'll be breaking news is that real um not sure um to answer the first question i think that um it's a it's a really interesting time obviously more eyes more people are talking about women's sports this draft class has been um incredible but you can't forget the ones that kind of founded and started this league and got us to this point. With that being said, like the game is evolving. As you see, the NBA, the W is also evolving with, you know, ISOs and one on one. So I don't know the ones that I went up against when I first came into the league, like tough, like physical, wouldn't let you do anything. And I'm sure the rookies are feeling the same for for going against us now when the goat conversation happens who's in it obviously you try to educate us please we are trying we missed a lot you've already you know who who are we talking about up there how many how many do i get? Five. Okay. Diana. Okay. Candice. Cheryl Swoops. Me. Hell yeah. LSU coach. White guard. Lisa. LSU coach? Lisa's wife? White guard. Not Malky. Lisa? Yeah, you can go Lisa Leslie. Okay. No Rebecca Lobo? Okay. Hold on. Hey. What a crew. Give me more. Okay, seven. And we'll give you seven or eight, whatever you need. I do. I want to let you know. I appreciate that you put yourself in there because that was going to be our entire reaction. It's just you being. But you need to know that. My first time really watching the sport, there's a different. You're a fucking beast, dude. You're a fucking beast out there. Sabrina, obviously, massive help in that, I would assume. Obviously, you went a couple times with Seattle. You come to Liberty. Sabrina coming out of college, I remember her story being told well. You and her are seemingly a great duo. You feel like a perfect match with her? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I think that, you know, just her court vision, the way that she can kind of really stretch the floor, and she's always looking for me in whatever position possible. So we have a lot of fun together. I mean possible so uh we have a lot of fun together i mean that pass was just incredible and i was right there literally go back just a little bit go back uh go back just a little bit that's literally me right there gumpy's to my left the the governor is three don he's wearing chucks the governor super relatable good conversation but i'm literally and my wife is right to my right right there and it's like i'm staring at the exact like sabrina was passing it to me as she was passing it to you and i was just like my like we have no yeah i would i would love to catch it but like that is coming directly at my face and as soon as i'm watching i'm like we got no fucking chance against this team like we got we got literally no chance against this team. We got literally no chance against this squad. Are we winning it this year, the Liberty? We have everything we're supposed to? Is that where you feel? And how should I be judging the Liberty versus the rest of the WNBA if I haven't been able to see them live yet? Yeah, I mean, I think that we made it to the finals last year, so we lost and really trying to motivate ourselves for this year. We have our entire starting group back and building that chemistry and knowing that this is a crazy season because it's like 40 games in 90 days with the Olympic break. But to judge us is to see how we continue to build up until mid-July. And then really, it's like when we haven't practiced for three weeks how do we pick back up what after the the olympics yeah oh so the olympics like all-star break almost like that's going to be afterwards is when it all kind of kicks off that's when everything's going to kind of okay okay like a three three four week break it's crazy that is crazy wow that is very well and obviously a is. Wow. That is very wild. And obviously a lot of people, you'll be friends. Let's not, hey, I know the Aces. And Kelsey, she has a cigar line. We have a bunch of cigars. Fire. Asia, and we know that team. Let's not be getting too tight, you know, because I put out a tweet about your team. I don't. Did you stick up? You didn't? I didn't hear you. You know, I missed a lot of birthdays and congratulations in your life. I got fucking murdered for that tweet. Absolutely crucified by everybody in Las Vegas. Like, did any team ever beat the, yeah, we did. So, this tweet would be a massive, you know, obviously we want the Fever to win, although they've only won one out of the nine. Yeah, that's good. Their time's coming. I think they're behind. After the Olympics. Yeah, exactly. After the Olympics, they're going to be fresh, ready to go, that entire thing. But if you guys were to go on and win it, boy. Oh, man. The victory dance that I would have, the entire thing would be fantastic. So let's go and do the hell out of you. Okay, I'll make sure you get some Liberty gear when we come back. Be at the game in a few weeks. I actually, because I studied the schedule for the fever so much, I believe it is July 6th. It's a Saturday. Okay. It's a 1 p.m. game. We'll get a little brunch, and then we will go right to the Liberty feet. What's your problem? What's that? Why is your face? Well, the first two weeks of July. Oh, no. Unfortunately, I know I will not be able to go to that game. Oh, boy. Fortunately. But I already have an Ionescu jersey, so I don't need any more gear. Yeah, we'll see. The show will be represented at that game. We'll make sure you have your gear. I've got to come to a game in New York. Where do you guys play? Madison? Barclays. Barclays, come on. Okay. It's rusted. You saw that. What's the deal? Wasn't it not rusted for a while? Why is that thing rusted now? I only deal with the inside, not the outside. I have no idea. You had to have seen it. It's turned brown. It's disgusting. Allegedly, they said that it was supposed to be like that. Yeah, it was like art. Like it was a living thing. Need to go power wash that thing. Hey, somebody does need to spray that thing down. And then paint it or something. Is that the roof? Huh? Are you talking about the roof? when you walk out of the train these two doesn't i'm gonna check i have no idea do you do social media yeah okay will you please send us a photo of the rusted ass building next time you see it thank you that's journalism you're welcome ladies and gentlemen good luck with unrivaled we will follow we will see you uh at some point during this season play another game we will be live we can't wait to get there with the show you put on opening night, not great for the fever, but great for the sport. I assume that happens everywhere. You're the best. We appreciate you. Ladies and gentlemen, Brianna Stewart. It's Brianna. Yeah. A lot of people say Brianna. Really? I say Brianna. Well, we did research this morning on a video where she said, yeah, it's Brianna, not Brianna. That's journalism. Yeah, Brianna is sometimes spelled with an I. With an O. Is that what you're saying? No, no, like she's B-R-E. Sometimes it's B-R-I. Really? With an A? I don't know about that. I think B-R-I-A-N-A. I've seen Y. Never seen that. I've seen every way that you've been talking about. Yeah, I've seen Brianna, B-R-I-O-N-N-A. Really? Yeah, it was awesome. I haven't seen that. Yeah, good name. Do you say Rihanna or Rihanna? Rihanna. It depends. Are you listening to I mean, I listened to all of her songs. She has a lot of great songs. She's got a ton of hits. She did. She just disappeared. I'm going to go run a business and become a billionaire. And she did. And she did. Now she's got four kids. She's living. Having kids. What'd you say, Will? No, she's having kids. I want her to come out with more songs. I need a new album. I assume at some point there's a banger, like a full album coming. And it'll be awesome. It'll be fantastic. I believe we have a new Eminem banger tomorrow or tonight at midnight. Marshall Mathers. Yes, yes. Really? Is Dan Campbell going to soundbite in that? He better have. The promo video, if I'm remembering this right, wasn't David Blaine in the promo video? Is it not David Blaine? The only promo video I saw was from the Marshall Mathers account, and it's like that text message that you've got to swipe your finger, like the invisible text, you've got to swipe your finger to reveal it. And that's the only one I saw. He has to release new music because he couldn't afford season tickets for Lionel Williams. Okay, that's not true. Come on. Yeah, over double. Eminem's a billionaire. He could definitely afford those new, incredibly hiked prices. Yeah, same with the internet said. 200 bucks? Please do not try this at Hermione or anywhere else. Let's put sound on this thing. May 28th. Is that David Bowie? I think so. How far can we go with this magic? Like, can we do like a stun or something? I can we go with this magic? Like, can we do like a stun or something? You mean something like this? He's gonna let the train hit him. I just drank some wine from somebody. He's gonna eat it. There you go. That's not magic. I wouldn't mind eating some glass. I've seen some older linemen do that. They're magicians too? I guess. Houdini. Oh, I get it. Okay, I can't wait to hear this. Yeah, popped. Houdini, Houdini, Houdini. Is it an album or a song or what? Tone seems already out of here on it. Early leak, yeah. You know what it is already? All right, thanks for coming back, Eminem. We can't wait. Let's go, man. I would suggest Tires, by the way. I would guess who's back and for my last trick. Boom, that's what the text is. Is it an album or one song for my last trick? I believe this is an album. There's a couple of devils on shore. A magician who's got a Jason mask on. Whoa. Ace of Spades The Ace of Spades Fat E on it That's pretty sweet So sick Look at the mic he's making He needs to have gold mic in front of him You know, because he's just Seemingly every time he gets on there A lot of people made fun of his last album What, 4,000 songs or whatever? I mean, whoever knows And there's like three bangers off of it If anybody else had an album that had three bangers off of it if anybody else had an album that had three bangers they'd be like that's a smash yeah instead it was like i haven't got it anymore it's like wait till you hear what that fucking brain has to say i cannot wait to see the words that get put together now who's gonna be the target there's gonna be somebody's about to get murdered yeah it might be us i thought you meant like target audience no no i expect i'm talking that. I'm talking about like somebody's going to shoot. Remember he and Machine Gun Kelly were going back and forth? Is that that guy down? That vampire looking thing? I don't know. I think it was one way. MGK went to a different genre of music. I've been MGK supporter there from the beginning. You know, MGK saw him at Worldstar Hip Hop doing a freestyle and sitting shotgun in a car. I saw him hovering around Vegas at Slap Fight. He was there. He was at Slap Fest. I didn't see him at Slap Fest. He didn't walk. He just hovered around. He's tall. Very tall. He's 6'9". Big. I saw him throwing t-shirts at the crowd at a Cavs game. Think about those tats with how tall he is. That's so much ink. Is that He has blacked out arms and body now? I think so, yeah. That's quite a decision. I think so. I think it's torso. Torso. Dude, it's tough as nails. Can you imagine sitting through that? Yeah, I couldn't imagine. Which is why there's going to come a time where I'm going to show up back at this particular program, and I'm going to have full sleeve. People are going to be like, how'd you do that? I Are you supposed to be under for that? Whoa. Propofol. Same thing. You just got to use it with a registered doctor, not in your own living room. Well, I think a registered doctor was in his living room, wasn't it? Wasn't that how that was? Exactly. Yeah, but. Michael? I don't know if he had his everything up to date like Terrence Howard. I don't know if he had everything. I dropped the hemoglobin earlier. Yeah, I heard that. Terrence Howard's making me smarter. He's saying words that I probably heard before in some science class. I had no idea. He said, what's a hemoglobin? This guy. He said, I can rebuild Saturn without gravity. That's a hell of a claim. I'm still trying to nail down and know exactly what he's saying there, but I believe. I have yet to hear anybody come out and just dispute everything he said. So until we get to that point, I'm just going to roll with the clips I'm seeing. The hemoglobin is in trouble. I don't even know. Let alone that fucking periodic table. Oh, my God. Cranes are on their last leg, too. Yeah, crane operators, you're getting replaced. See ya. Drones. Video game players that can operate drones eight of them combined yep so no propulsion just oh for those things those don't have people controlling them they work off of a system on their own no you gotta have controllers no they do not autonomous yeah that's like that's like type in hey what do you want to do and then they work as a unit they do that now with those drone shows, right? They program like a thousand of them to do crazy stuff. We need to keep humans in touch. Yeah, I was going to say. Agreed. I got an Uber two weeks ago. Tesla? Yeah. Got one driving. I like that. I I like that. I almost died one time with some guy doing that. Bro, we got real hurricane jerky. Have you seen the new self-driving ones that just came out? I mean, they're getting there. Full auto? Is it full auto yet? There's a line to take a left. No driver. Saw that. Skips the entire line. Oh, so it's getting a little sass? So it knows how to drive like a human, yeah, like an asshole. I'm in, boys. I'm in on the automatic cars. That's because you suck at driving. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Have you been in one that's always? That is 100% why. Knock on wood, I've never been in an accident, but we have someone in this office that crashes their car every other week. So I'm cool with not letting a lot of those people drive ever again. You're over the years and i concur with what you're saying there but foxy i appreciate the fact you've never been in an accident but that is a that's a bigger eminem should have called you to do a magic trick somehow that is that is a fact you know because the way you drive buddy i don't know how you've stayed yeah i mean i agree i'm not gonna disagree with that at all i just think about guys blind yeah old people what do you mean is he that are 85 years old, and they're more blind than me, and they're driving. No, similar blindness, I think, out of you and an 85-year-old. Foxy is blind. I can't see. Yeah. Had to drive because I was a little boozed up in another city we were in, and I didn't think we were going to make it home, let, Foxy. He's got to get the LASIK. And he just stares at computers all day. We're part of the problem. Foxy, we're going to be part of the solution. You see LASIK was offering up free LASIK to all officials? Yeah, I need that. My eyes are legitimately tired at the end of the day. It's because of my contacts, I think. Yeah. You need I can't put you out though. You've never been in a car that's driven automatic, then have you? No, I have not. It's not smooth. No, it's not. They're not there yet. No, they're not there yet. But that was weird. I feel like Uber should have told me I was getting in a car that was being driven by a car. That would have been nice. Yeah. Guy was a good guy. Good conversation. But shit think about anything except for i'm collecting money right now i mean it was a good gig guy was a guy's a vet so i appreciate it sir was he watching the road uh there's times i think he touched the wheel every once in a while don't you gotta at least show that you're holding it i think he did a couple times though it was a good little buzz and stuff but there it wasn't until i was like oh this fucker's driving itself right now i was like i'm in the. That was my first time ever in one of those cars. Ever. It's crazy. It is. I'll never forget it. In the future, this is going to be normal. And they won't... They'll probably be a little different setup on the inside. What do you mean? There'll be no human to see. You don't really need a front wheel. It'll be a one-seater. Yeah, you don't make it real small so a bunch of them can be out there. Or then you can make XLs. Then you can have... Think about those little smart cars. Just smart cars, but robot cars. Never hit into each other, but just like the movies. They'll be just fucking... If they're electric, this ain't never going to happen because the grid can't handle it. You mean the charging? I'm just telling you, the grid can't handle it. You mean the charging? I'm just telling you that grid can't handle it. This one's for B-Stew and for the future. If it goes in, we're all right. All right. If it doesn't, guess what? We're fucked. I don't like that. No. A lot on this shot. Should we not put B-Stew's new league in to separate that. Yeah. Oh, you separate it. I'll throw it in. I think you should throw it in. You're going to make it. I'll throw it in. I mean, I have to for the good of humanity. Yeah, you don't have a choice. Humanity. Oh, no. You got robbed. Unlucky. No, I didn't. That was the universe, buddy. Bonus ball. Oh, Don't even do it. You heard me yesterday. You heard me yesterday. Sometimes I wonder as well, like, what is this? You heard me yesterday, so you know that there's been full thought about it. That's what you know. Don't think about it. You ever think who's controlling you? Who's got the joystick on you? Well, that could be in any religion. That would be who God would be, right? All of them. You've got free will. Yeah, and is that when, you know, then there's a whole other answer for why that's the case. I've been in here now. It's been wild. Yeah, it is wild. Don't think about it. You're not getting to the bottom of any of it. Don't worry. You're not getting to the bottom of anything. You just got to block it out. That's the into it. Terrence Howard. It's like, well, Terrence Howard can actually affect change. I think a lot of the humans doing these incredibly deep thinking. It's like, I hope you change the world, but I fear not a chance. You're just spinning your wheels. I feel it. And people get in there and I feel like everybody thinks they're going to save the world, you know? And that's a tough thing to get people off of trying to save the world and their entire thing. But I don't want to be, I'm normally the optimistic guy. I don't want to be gloom and doom. He's probably not, you know, on all sides of anything. But it's hard not to every once in a while just look up and go, how'd this fucking work? What is gravity? What is gravity? What is Terrence Howard talking about? Why do we have it? Is that real? And what's, was Pangea? Yeah, a whole nother game. Then you get into a full. Bits don't know shit about Pangea. Can't happen. Need to know Pangea. But then if something changes on Earth, well, we're doing it. Are we? Or is the Earth, you know? And then who is the, what is, that's a lot. We're not doing it today, though. We're going to keep it moving. Hell yeah. I mean, you keep thinking about it. Some people may stay up for four straight days thinking about it. So it's a dangerous hole to fall down. Yeah, I'm not going to do that. I got a kid and a wife. Can't do that. Yeah, I got a soccer tournament next week. Yeah, I got a soccer tournament next week. Hey, Jim Honestly, I think you should not be worried. If you were playing three-on-three full-court basketball, then I'd be worried. But you're playing soccer. You can pace yourself. 60-feet court. So here's yesterday. I'm moving better. I'm moving better. And I've been talking to William Regal about breathing. And I think he's got it figured out. He's like the Terrence Howard, potentially, of not getting gassed, I think. You know, started wrestling when he was like 12 years old. I forget the number. It was something ridiculous. And then him and Michael Hayes were talking about a match they had in London back in 19-something. I'm like, holy fuck. But anyways, I told William Regal, I said, yeah, I'm going to die at a soccer tournament in about two weeks. And he said, why are you going die i was like buddy these lungs we ain't got them anymore you know we don't we don't stress them a lot because we hate the feeling of how it feels whenever they're being stressed you see the burning the whole i'm gonna die like i'm just at a point in my life where i can't push myself anymore when it comes to cardio he says don't fret pretty much and he starts teaching me this breathing, and he starts sending me videos and some things. I'm like, all right. So I'm fucking good. Here we go. So we figured out the lungs. We figured out the breathing. Can the legs stay alive? I don't know. But we go back to the question. I'm asking whoever, you know? And it could be whichever. Just no surgery. Yeah. Okay, that's the prayers that we're sending up to whom. Sure. What at whom. No big surgeries. Yeah, maybe like, yeah, no big surgeries. I think you probably don't want surgery. I don't want surgery at all. There's different levels, though. Different levels. Sure, but still. Don't want to go under the knife. Don't at all. All you're doing is go down there, collect your championship trophy, the million squad and just keep it moving. Just think about me not being able to move. Not being able to move. What's that? That'd be kind of tough for you, I think. Bingo. My wife gets so much ass with our baby girl. Imagine me at home, not able to move, and just watching. It's another baby. She's got two babies. Oh my God. We don't need that in my life. We don't need her dealing with me in my life right now. So that's all we're praying for next week at Cary. But also, maybe one goal, and then let's go ahead and see that bench for the rest of the boys to do their thing. I can't wait to do one of these. Score early. Yeah, score early. Get on the board early. Tap your head. Get me out of here, guys. Good game. It was a good game. Come on now. It's first half. No, no. Good game. My game's over. Hey, is there going to be extra time? Will there be the extra time? People have no idea how much time we're playing. Actually, there is no ending time. There's target, goal, score, zone, or time, or whatever it is. end very quick or the game could take i guess forever is that is that dump is that the coach has to end on a game-winning goal don't they start taking guys off i thought they yeah it was past a certain time five minutes or ten minutes until he started taking ten minutes and then he started taking one person off per team but what if it just ends up with no people oh look at our school we'll just snipe, brother. You see that header? I'm not worried about being cagey when we got Ed fucking Speed on the team. That's a good point. He got a lot of raw speed. Who's the goalie? There's a couple of them on that team. If you're able to guess them, you go ahead and get a... We'll leave that. That's a good tease. That a surprise We don't want the other teams Knowing who the goalie is True True We got a guy Tony Miola's coach He used to be a goalie Do you think I'm worried About the goalies? No Tony Miola's our coach And Jeff Cameron Standing in front of him And does anybody know If Tony Miola's going Do we know If Tony Miola? Miola's not there. He is fucking dead. He's fired. Coach Gumpy's got to hold the whistle. I got my clipboard ready, brother. He's got a kit. He's got a full kit. Hell yeah. Coach Gumpy. Going to have to throw the Sambas on. He's not wearing a suit? Are you wearing cleats or no cleats? I think we'll go Sambas. You should wear cleats. Come on. What about warm-ups? The Saunders look like cleats. No, I understand that. But like... Full detraction. We all know the coaches that wear cleats. Like, that's a hilarious thing to be. You're the Harbaugh of the TST, go. And there's soccer coaches that wear cleats. There is some soccer coaches. Is there really? Oh, yeah. And it's like that is a certain mentality over there. Okay? We're warming up with the team. Yeah, we're variable. We're on the – There you go. I'm excited for that, Gump. Let's make sure we get the substitutions right, Gump, you know? I'll be ready. All right. Go barefoot a lot. That's not what soccer is about, AJ. What do you mean? You can feel the grass. You're grounding. It's a whole thing. You wear Sambas or you wear Copas, okay? That's what soccer is about. Okay, fine. If you want to be like everybody else, Goop. I do. I want to be a coach. Fair enough. You don't want to be Burnley right now looking for I told JJ last night that Coach Gumpy's available for an interview, even though he's currently under contract with Concave FC. He refused to take that seriously. Let's do a follow-up and see if we can get an answer. He released a full video about how the search process is going to be going. That was sweet. I'm a transparent owner. I haven't taken this hat off in two years. That ain't going to help. Hey, we're live. We're live. We're live. Is that all right? Yeah, that's fine. He's in a red light sauna right now. Oh, jeez. At AQ's house? Watch AQ's toilet while you're there. All right, they're wondering if you're at AQ's house in the red light sauna. Oh, no, they're not friends. I don't know. No. friends i don't know yeah that's the point no i am uh i'm at my own house just a little red light therapy just getting myself ready i saw your roster release don't know anybody on it whoa ed speed you have no idea who eddie fucking speed jeff cameron jj yeah you don't city legend you don't know if jeff cameron is that that means you don't know footy pal okay but nonetheless let's not worry about my team that is ready. Okay? Let's talk about Burnley FC. Okay, Coach Gumpey, I will lend Coach Gumpey from Concava SC to Burnley on a trial. Okay? Obviously, we can handle the business here if that's what you're looking for. And we are wondering why Gumpey hasn't gotten an interview yet. I mean, next week is his interview. Next week is a live interview process, basically. I mean, why would I call him in for an interview when I can just watch him in person? So when we beat the shit out of your team, then I become your coach? What kind of coach has he been so far in training camp? Is he a player pleaser? Is he a player's coach? Or is he an over-the-top totalitarian? No, he's in the middle of both of them. He's a player gatherer. He's a strategist, for sure. He's a motivator. Better than Vince and company, I'll tell you that much. Okay, so you can't hear what he just said. He's murdered Vince and company. I think that's rude of him to do that. But I do believe that there's a chance that if Gumby's able to win with a roster full of people you never heard of, that warrants at least a look to be the coach of Burnwell. At least. Don't we think we can make that deal right now? I can't hear Gumby speak, so if there was something that I should be defending or need to be defending, I can't because I didn't hear him speak. He defending, I can't because I didn't hear him speak. He hides behind that glass 16 rows deep back there. That's not a way to talk to your future coach. Good Lord. I can't hear any of you guys. I mean, I don't know if it's the light. I don't know if it's the FaceTime, but I can't hear anybody. You don't have ears in, you fucking asshole. I really can't wait to see you in person next week. Hey, we miss you too. We'll see you down there. Good luck with the coaching search, pal. It sounds like this is like the time as an owner of a soccer team, so we're pulling for you. I'm releasing my TST jerseys and kit tomorrow. Just so you know, we will dude wipe the floor with your kits. See you, We will dude wipe the floor with your kids. See, and Kerry did too. He got good pop out of that. Yes, he did. How good did he feel about that? Oh, my God. Home run. He knew I said something about company. Well, I told him. I told him. He kind of buried company here. Had to be done, I mean. It is quite an interesting spot for him to be in because he could not hear everybody but me. Because all this is where the sound is. Kind of interesting, isn't it, that this is just like you just hear a screaming. Imagine a male person coming in, a FedEx person coming in, and just out that front dropping something off. And we're just screaming in an entire situation. They see you on top of the chair high horse and somebody we need to get in there we need to get we didn't do the audience thing before the end of summer yeah definitely we need to do the audience with real people now we have the truck though yeah we can get two people we'll see we'll see how the zito production does next week in care oh yeah born for you ziti baby don't be shaking it what are you talking about a lot of hard work between you and tim ah we'll see we just got the truck it literally just came back from getting wrapped it looks sick it looks awesome i mean we're in the middle of building a full-on production truck which is hilarious to think about but we should have been doing this a long time ago probably so we take show on the road whenever we need to wherever we need to we need people in here though we've been saying that since the beginning of this place we do we have enough chairs for it we have enough capacity allowed for it and i think it would be a good place to host something because obviously they used to speak the good word of lord in here that's right and people could hear everything i think we need to do it con man why don't you figure out the day we're going to do that because you're so jacked up perfect i got it right now when is it uh what's today may 30th so let's say May 30th, 2044. I like it. Okay. How about when he said the Phoenix Suns have the 2031 first round pick they can trade? And that's how you know the Suns are fucked. Because that is what they're fucking throwing out there. That's what Sean said. Sean said they got a one this year, number 22, and then they got a first round in 2031 that they can trade. I'll trade that away for sure because I'm not going to be there if I'm in the organization now. You got it. Take it. Ishby is like, yeah, you think I'm going to continue to own this thing if we keep – Not a chance. How about 2045? You want that one? Bingo. Take them all. It's going to be a good year. God damn it. We're going to have to give up our 2051. Okay 7,305 days from now. I'll add it to my bio. That'll be in there. Next to the football. Next to counting down the football. What are we at, 97? 98? Yeah, 98, because yesterday was 99. 98 days until football? Mm-hmm. 7,000, what was it? 7,305. It's going to be a good day. It will be a good day. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? It says almost too soon. We need time to get ready. That was it. That was it. It was. Come on, baby. Can't do it. I'm not B-Stew. All right, we're out of here. Thank you for hanging out with us today. Had no clue that we were going to be on ESPN2, but I enjoy it on the Deuce. Yeah. You know, back in the day, the Deuce used to be a real deal. Oh, yeah. Deuce is the bee's knee. Still is. Yeah, it is. I love the Deuce. What's on the Uno? So, something that we need to actually, we will be showing highlights of over the next few days. The Women's College World Series softball. Fucking electric. We got a tight one. WCWS, yeah. Yeah, it should be fantastic. We'll be showing all the highlights of that tomorrow, then we'll also be launching into the greatest weekend of all time. Why? Because it's the next weekend that we all have. Thank you, AJ. Great work today. Boys, fantastic work. To all the journalists that stopped by for the first time ever in this show's history, thank you for making us smarter and more enlightened. You're the on earth. Good luck to B-Stews. Unrivaled league. That seems like that's going to maybe have a rival. That's going to be the WNBA. Hell yeah. They are pulling hard for that league not to do well. Correct. But they're supporting each other. It's good for basketball. But if that league starts doing real good... It won't be sporting for long. A couple countries are upset as well. China and Russia? Yeah. We don't have to worry about the red wave. They can be upset. Well said, brother. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. They aren't our friends. That's what I've been told. They aren't. Oh, they aren't. Yeah. It might change their life, which leads Grayson Murray from the PGA. Taking his own life middle of round, pretty much, like middle of tournament, withdrawing himself and then taking his life the next day after speaking out about mental health in the past and then obviously everybody worried that he potentially took his own life and then it was confirmed that he did as such it's like just another nice perspective putter in our world that yeah you can actually just say something nice to somebody and then just keep it moving like it could literally change the perspective of not only the moment or the day, but, like, their entire fucking life. Sometimes all people need is just one little thing just to hang their hat on to go on the next day. I'm not saying that necessarily happened with him. He could have been whatever he was fighting against is incredibly sad. But, like, amongst your friends, like, A, we don't know what's coming tomorrow. B, you can change the way people feel. And C, why not fucking be nice to people a little bit more? You know, the world sucks and it's hard enough to begin with. So just saying, hey, AJ, I love your massive fucking head, dude. It is a weapon. You know what I mean? AJ gets a little chuckle, turns around, walks away. That's a great positive interaction. It might change everything. You never know. Ty, you look good, bub. Hey, thanks, man. So do you. You look great. Oh, thanks, man. Connor, new hat, perfect timing. They're already out of the playoffs. Great hat. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Yeah, hang on to hockey a little bit. You look more fit than ever. Thank you. I like your watch. Thank you. See? Nice shoes. Let's do that. You can always do that. It's not a waste of energy. It's not a waste of time. It's a potential change of a life. We're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three, team. Goodbye. Thank you.