nk you. so so Thank you. Thank you. so so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey! What? Let's go! This show stinks and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Mother's Day is Sunday, Thursday, May 9th, 2024. This sports program starts now. Sports are what we talk about. We are the sports stooges that get to do this every single day. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this. But we need to send a reminder. Mother's Day is happening on Sunday. Now would we normally do this but we need to send a reminder mother's day is happening on sunday that's right okay now would we normally do this on a friday yeah we've probably done this in the past on a friday just a nice little reminder because some of us might need to be reminded relatively recently as well in this entire thing but anytime you do it on friday you're only leaving yourself 24 hours to really do this thing right because remember if you've ever seen a pregnancy and a childbirth take place, obviously you're going to have a little different respect for it, I do believe. Correct. But all of us obviously are very thankful for our moms. So this Mother's Day, let's make sure we showcase that and we're adding an extra 24 hours to prepare for this. Smart. Okay, just like Valentine's Day, this is an effort deal. Yes. This is an effort holiday. Truly. Okay, Mother's Day is Sunday. Let's make sure we're out there paying our respects and also playoffs are happening still every single night it's a beautiful time now yesterday pk subban uh supported every team that is currently in the playoffs but the pacers uh seemingly and the even a little bit of boston supporting that entire thing but whenever he came he came on the show uh just yesterday he said it's the best time of year for sports. Now, obviously, he was wrong because that's December, January, February with everything happening in college ball and in the NFL. But what he meant was like, hey, for offseason, this is a glorious time to be alive because each evening we have electrifying stuff happening in the NBA and the NHL. The NHL had been winning with close games, close games, actually an overtime game and double overtime game on the same night that the NBA had two 20-point blowouts. It's like, whoa, the NHL saved the night for us. Well, last night, the NHL had one great game. Oh, yeah? And the NBA had a situation where, you know, a small market team gets screwed over yet again in Madison Square Garden to a great New York Knicks basketball team. Let's not get it twisted. But there was another NHL game that was just an absolute smocking. The Florida Panthers would be up 1-0 in aggregate scoring if you were to cancel out scoring after a 5-1, game-1 win for the Boston Bruins. A 6-1 slaughtering of the Bruins down in Florida. We did reach out to the Florida Panthers to see if we could talk to a friend of the program, Kachuk, in the next couple days. We assume he will pass because this is about to be a phenomenal series. 5-1 first game, 6-1 next game. This one, three fights, superstars in all of them. It is getting alive. And we'll talk to PK Subban again in about 38 minutes from now. But whenever you go back to what happened in the NBA, the Pacers getting screwed. Brian Windhorst had a report this morning that the Pacers are challenging all 79 fouls that have been called against them in the last two games, including 48 of them that just happened in last night's game. We'll talk to Windhorst in about seven minutes or so to see what's taking place. And then we'll have Jason Light, general manager of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers joining us. He obviously won a Super Bowl whenever Tom Brady was quarterback of the team. He just re-signed Baker Mayfield to be their quarterback of the future. Brought back Mike Evans. Lost on the defensive side of the ball. Devin White. Devin White, which is obviously a big deal. But this is going to happen in football. So we'll chat with him in the second hour. A.J. Hawk will be here. And the talk stables here. At Boss Connor and at Ty Schmidt. Call me. Is that an octopi? Yeah, this is an octopi. You know, after this whole sea turtle thing. Aliens. Yeah, for sure. No doubt about it. They can go invisible. Those ones are aliens. They can also fit in a jar. That's right. That's an alien. They can breathe air as well. And you Rubbing them over the head, killing them, and throwing them on the ice. Greatest tradition in hockey. Wow. Jesus. Five more in a way. All right. Losing, maybe. I'm a big fan of the octopi. I think they're very fascinating. Yes. Legitimately fascinating. The more you learn about them, the more you think, yeah, they're not from here. That seems to be potentially other. And then fell in water. oh, this is no oxygen. This is where we are. And they just made themselves at home. And I assume there's a full planet, I think, of probably octopi just swimming around doing insane shit. How about whenever that one guy became friends with one? My octopus teacher. Boom. Yeah. That was pretty wild. Pretty nuts. There's another one I seen the other day on the internet. Comes up, gets fed. Hand fed by a person. And then dough and they kind of just take away uh yeah very interesting last night on national news what's that uh they're learning how the whales speak sperm whales speak oh yeah i remember that so that we could potentially uh you know kind of communicate with the big whales and with uh aliens they're using that to test uh like communication with creatures that obviously don't speak the same language so they're using that as like a or are they doing that because sperm whales have been communicating with aliens in our oceans very possible possible. For a long time. Anyways, one half of the hammer. Dad! Cowboys, Tony Diggs. None of that's... We don't know. Your last statement was very true. The chances are higher than zero. Just because of those things. Those things are the ones that really turn my head and be like, yeah, well, they are. That is... Why can they change colors, change shapes, do whatever, do everything, seemingly smarter than everything else in there. Forget about the gigantic squid. Anyways, you're right. And the kraken. Sure. I like these animal conversations we get into because who else would have let the world know that turtles are racist? That is still something that people are talking about. I kind of got caught up in the NBA, NFL conversation, and it still survived. Next day, people are saying, I did not know that. I went to the grocery store yesterday. Go down to the grocery store last night, have to pick something up. Guy goes, Turtles, racist, F them. And the grocery store, I'm like, yeah, I'm happy we figured that out. Because humans have been getting blamed for being racist for so damn long. They're not the only ones, it turns out. Turtles are racist as shit. Yeah. Racist as shit? They are. I'm happy to hear that. And it only happens because of the shirt that you're wearing. Yeah. Well, the reason I actually wore the squid one is because if there was ever an animal that looked racist, I think it is the octopus. What? It doesn't look like it's kind of like what's looking high i think he or she i mean i don't want to do that sorry yeah you're right we do not know you're right i'm just saying they look kind of weird octopi uh let's talk about these nhl games last night including a comeback cool in vancouver that i think a lot of us potentially just want to bet yeah yeah because it started at uh what was it 11 30 p.m.? It was 10 p.m. puck drop. And obviously that's happening because this is top left Canada. So for them, it's 7, it's prime time. There's a 20,000-person watch party in one of the cities. There's parties in the streets afterwards. Like, this is great for that part of Canada. And it's great for hockey, too, because I think what we'll see will be incredible environments. And we had an opportunity last night to see one of the best comebacks we've seen. 4-1, this thing is almost done. Three minutes left in the second period, it's 4-1. Then it becomes 4-2. Then with 10 minutes left, all of a sudden it's 4-3. Don't look now, Vancouver's coming alive. The fans are going bananas. The Cougs make this a one-goal game. Well, then with six minutes left in the third period, is Edmonton going to step up and answer? Ah-ah! Snipe from the blue line. He, he, he. He's seeing eye. What a missile. Well, less than 30 seconds later, what do we got? Oh, take the lead. Goalies out to lunch, obviously. Can't be that far out there. But what a game. None of us were awake to see it that lived in the eastern part of the United States of America. Most of us woke up and just said, holy hell, what a comeback. What a series. What a game. Good for hockey. Now, I know you're from that area, Gumpy. Somehow you didn't become a fan of either of these teams. but whenever you see something like that, you've got to think that part of Canada is upside down this morning, and we're talking hangovers everywhere in Coover tonight. This is the battle of Western Canada right now. Oilers and Coovers fans absolutely hate each other. Nice. So this is a good thing for hockey. Oh, this is massive in Canada right now. It's awesome. Not the battle of Alberta, Calgary, and Edmonton, but I'd go just below that because the Cougars fans are insufferable when they are good. Okay, that's your home province. That's my hometown, yes. Lived it my whole life. Okay, so the Vancouver fans, whenever their team is rolling, great. How about a big-time comeback whenever they spot another team four goals seemingly at the beginning? Yeah, so they don't have a watch party until Game 3 because they're not allowed to because of the riots in their own city when they lost the Stanley Cup in 2011. Oh, who'd they lose to? When the Bees came back and whooped that ass. Oh, yeah. Is that the Sundin twins? Those bitches. Yeah, the Sundins, the Luongo. The watch party happening in Edmonton, I guess, was 20,000 deep. Damn. 20,000 deep, they said uh think about how i think so i i think uh i think i think jericho i bet that was just that's interesting that's that's like a booker's worst nightmare yeah yeah going in there and that's gonna that's gonna happen as we try to shape shows like these types of events happening obviously you got to talk about but like think about how bummed out for one that watch party was 20 000 people just going to sitting there watching. It sucks. Why are we here? And then all of a sudden, electric starts sliding through. Then goals start popping off. And then we have a game. We have a comeback. Doesn't even make it to overtime. 5-4. What a win. They have not beat the Cougars this year. Wow. McDavid, no shot on net last night. Dry Seidel got banged up. He came back in. Did not look good, though. That game's going to have to get moved. And I know it sucks for the locals, the people that are actually there playing in it, going to it, attending it, creating it. I know it sucks for you guys. 10 p.m. buck drop is going to be tough to watch. Like, that would have been awesome to watch. Oh, yeah. Instead, you know what game we had to watch? What's that? Ass-beating in Florida. Wow, wow. Panthers just handed the Boston Bruins everything they could. This 6-1 ending is obviously not great for the Boston Bruins' morale, but you guys have been on set to run lately. Is that what you're thinking? Yeah, exactly. Kind of do. I was surprised that this didn't happen earlier. I mean, I think game one, a lot of people, because of the layoff that the Panthers had and that the Bruins just kind of kept rolling, that that was a different situation. You kind of felt good about it. Going into this one last night, it was a big time. Okay, we are due for a massive letdown. 6-1, basically right where you would have thought before the game. And then when you look at the goals they had sure you could always bitch about something when you know your team loses but that first goal they scored it was an unbelievable deflection that second one too again a rebound and then on this third one here you know backbreaker yeah this is where the game was kind of like okay this is not going to happen especially when you're scoring with 0.3 seconds to go on a clap bomb from the blue line with your own guy sway Swayman looks left, Buck comes right. McAvoy screening him. Don't love that. I mean, that one again, too. None of these goals, I think, you could look at and be like, man, Swayman played terrible. That was a layup. And sure, it went off Swayman, but that was a wide-open net. Tick-tock-toe. Yeah, I think that was the first shot Omar might have faced. It was tough sledding for Linus once he went in there. But I will say, as a Bruins fan, you can't be feeling terrible because the way the game ended. Yeah, you stole one already game one. You got the home ice. You got to take care of business at the TD Garden. But the way the game ended, I think, is why I feel so good today. They're not just going to go down 6-1, say, okay, hey, let's just get off the ice, punt this thing, and let's go to game three. Instead, you're going to beat some ass. Yeah, not just only beat some ass. Go ahead and put this up. 146 penalty minutes were handed out in the third period. Now, one of those is a 10-minute misconduct to Patty Maroon, who must have said something. I don't know what he said. A couple of those. Kicked him out of the game, though. Kicked him out of the game from whatever he said. He had a hand on a throat, seemingly, and he said something. The ref was like, nope, yup, can't do that. We're going to get you out of here. It wasn't even a punch. No. We've seen in hockey games, j of a ref and go, ah, that's two minutes. Can't do that. Patty Maroon last night grabbed a throat and said something and got, yep, you're out of here for the rest of the game. And I think this goes back to the conversation we had with Moose. With hockey refs, they're kind of feeling the game. You know what I mean? They are a part of the game. They're, hey, we might have to give one here to kind of of this. Or we've got to let the boys play this whole thing. So I think they potentially got Big Rig out of there because they knew it was 4-1 at the time. This thing is going to be turning south quickly. He's going to kill somebody. We don't need this guy on here. But even without Big Rig, Marshawn's fighting. Pasta's fighting. The Geekies double-legged takedowns on people in the middle of this. I Dumps on people in the middle of this. I mean, it's like, I think that's why you were so pumped on the Bruins. Said, well, if we can't win, at least we're going to fight some of these people. And to the Florida Panthers side, they're up 5-6-1, fighting too. I loved what we watched at the end of the day. Yeah, incredible. Like the Martian thing. Here's Posta talking to Coach. Yeah, and Monty's telling them then you get your ass back out there and then right away they bounce out. That's Kachuk by the way the star of their team. Bingo. Yeah, their goal scorer and Kachuk's awesome. I mean, this is what you expect from a Massachusetts guy. I knew when Posta was going to fight Kachuk like, okay, he's in for it because big Walt's boy has been throwing hands since he was coming out of the womb, but for Pasta to do that, I think it's incredible. For Kachuk to do that. Kachuk to do it, yes. They're up 6-1. I can't say this enough. He could break his hand, right? I mean, there's so many things that can happen in a fight that Kachuk can't be out for with the Panthers. They're up 6-1, and he was the one this thing is handled and their star is like yeah let's fight i would like to fight you i don't i don't know if we can if we go back to that last goal that tic-tac-toe goal at the end of it kachuk gives a little bit of a cross check to somebody and he does not love it and then there's a huge slash that comes through that kind of that kind of started all of this um yeah like kachuk was being a little bit of a pest there at the end of it, which I love coming from him. A little cross-check there. Guy doesn't love it. A little puffs out of the ball. They're up 6-1! Guy comes and swings a heavy stick at him. After that, it was a little bit of a go time. I'm pretty sure that was Hallmark's first shot. The guy had legitimately no chance. None, yeah. Florida, they were favored in the series, which I think a lot of us who maybe didn't get to see all of Florida's first series and watch the Bruins take on the Maple Leafs were very confused about how Florida is the favorite and everybody that talks about it is like, we're looking at a whole season of work here and what this team actually is and what they did, not just what's happening right now with Swayman standing on his head. Water seemingly found its level. Now we got a series. Yes. Now we go back to Boston and some magic is happening. But I like that all the stars were fighting late in that game. Yeah. I enjoy it. It's one of the biggest reasons why hockey is awesome. They're allowed to fight in the sport. They're allowed to handle. Here's Marchand. Yep. He throws like a weird lariat clothesline punch that obviously starts a scrum there then geeky double leg it might have been mcavoy actually i think i was wrong on that one because there's geeky 38 and mcavoy starts on top there top right yeah they do a takedown there's an actual takedown that happens in that fight i mean it was uh-huh it was wild and it's only two games into the series now and there's all these juices still oh yeah carrying into game three and just like you can take something from this for the Bruins. Like you lose 6-1, okay, there's really nothing from that game. You're probably maybe a bury the ball type thing in the NFL. You're not really saying anything good about that. But the way that this ended, and Marchand, it's not in this little clip, but when he skates over to Montour, this guy that obviously they fought and he gives them the lick right there. A little tribute to when I believe it was actually Marchand against the Vancouver Canucks back in 2011. But when he skates over to Montour, Montour gives a little flinch and then gives Marchand a huge woo-hoo in his face, which I like. I think that's great. And then obviously chaos ensued. It was fantastic, even when you're losing 6-1, as long as you're going down throwing bombs. Yeah, that chaos ensued. It was fantastic even when you're losing 6-1 as long as you're going down throwing bombs. That's a big shot for Marshander who set the tone 0-0 at that point. Florida Panthers were going to score 6 goals after this and the Bruins would score 1 of them but it set the tone for the evening. Game 3 there's still a lot of hockey left in this particular series. If you recall last year Florida Panthers were the ones that knocked out the Boston Bruins after the greatest regular season in the history of the NHL with the Boston Bruins team being the biggest letdown in the history of the NHL playoffs. Losing in the first round after having the greatest regular season in history is potentially the biggest collapse in the history of the NHL. Bruins are back on a revenge tour, and his Florida Panthers team is still just as good. It's a beautiful thing. We hockey now people like pat back in the tank top what's that all about well i'm heated i'm heated today now certainly the weather has turned it's hot and sticky outside it is great to be able to put the tank top back on all day long you know because remember it's like rainy snowy windy warm sure it's not necessarily an everyday now it feels like the weather has turned but i'm heated today because once again okay once again the greedy corporate fat cats are forcing a big market to beat a small market. Now, are the New York Knicks good at basketball? Sure. Maybe. Is Jalen Brunson a force? Yeah. He wasn't playing. He was hurt for a quarter. And he came back, had no problems. But he was hurt for a quarter. So I don't know what they injected him with or what they found out. But whatever it was, he misses a quarter. They're dead. The Knicks are dead. The Pacers winning, beating. Miles Turner, windmill dunking. Tyrese Halliburton can't miss. The Pacers are about to steal one in New York, in Madison Square Garden, in a series in which they're not supposed to win. They're not supposed to be in. Knicks fans were already saying the game was over because Jalen Brunson was expected to be out for the rest of the game, maybe even the rest of the series. And Knicks fans were like, oh, yeah, okay, yeah, you guys are definitely the worst team here, and you're going to still win. Matt Braun at 9.36 p.m. yesterday put out a full. It was a good run. It was a good run. It was a fun run. We had a blast. Yeah, The Knicks were the fun team this year. It was nice to get back in there and feel like we could win. You know, he puts that whole tweet out when Jalen Brunson misses an entire quarter and the Pacers go on to dominate for a quarter. Well, then Jalen Brunson comes back and then all of a sudden, guess what? He doesn't miss. Nope. Okay. And somehow the Pacers miss everything. The Nope. Okay. And somehow the Pacers miss everything. The Pacers start getting everything blocked. Jalen Brunt's mere aura on the court made their entire team better and our entire team worse. But you know what helped? Ah, the three refs running up and down the court, blowing everything against the Pacers. Overturning calls. Double dribbles getting overturned in crucial moments. Why? Oh, because the other coach bitched about it. Well, what about the kickball that you called with less than a minute left in the first game that couldn't get overturned even though everybody saw it was a hand and then a moving block? I'm not the only one who feels this way. No. Okay? And we've been battling this as a company from Indiana. Sure, yeah, sure. Small market, no respect. Exactly. indiana sure yeah sure small market no respect exactly here's rick carlisle talking about you know the overturn of the double dribble and then what his thoughts are on the entire thing has this guy been around the nba a long time uh yeah does this guy have a pretty good nba brain yeah let's listen what he has to say the man who sent in 79 fouls to be reviewed by the nba because he's disappointed in everything taking place you know one guy just said he didn't double dribble. Okay. But it looked to me like, you know, Tibbs went out there and argued it and they changed it. That's what it looked like. Ah! You know, so I can only go by what I saw. And, you know, that's small beans compared to everything else, you know. Big beans elsewhere. Huge. But, you know, small market teams deserve an equal shot. They deserve a fair shot no matter where they're playing. What about the little guy? Anybody else? Yeah. Pretty clear what I just said there. He's going to get fined so much money. Yep. I can't fathom how much money he's going to get fined by the NBA for saying that. And boy, whenever I go on an entire rant about that happening because my fandom of the Pacers and like, you know, I really feel legitimized whenever he says, which is only going to empower more people to take the stance that he potentially took, which means the NBA is going to be even more pissed about what Coach Carlisle said. Joining us now is the man who reported about all the fouls that the Pacers sent into the NBA League office this morning. 70-some, I do believe. That has to be a record. Ladies and gentlemen, from ESPN, a man who played on the same high school basketball team as LeBron James. Brian Wendhorst. Not quite, but close enough. We have a photo. We have proof. I can only go by what I see, just like Coach Carlisle said. Is this the most amount of calls being sent into the league office in the history of basketball? It's got to be up there. And when he says something like that, is Adam Silver thinking to himself, oh, that's cute, here's a massive fine coming your way? Because I'd assume that is not something that the league necessarily wants out there. No, no. This is common for teams to send in clips um after playoff games in fact there's this new rule i don't know if it's a year or two old but now when you send in a clip the other team in the playoff series gets to see your message it's like an automatic carbon copy i think they did that to try to keep teams from sending so many in. But the thing about this is, is that I don't think Rick was really that mad about last night. I mean, he was mad about last night, but I think what he was really mad about was Monday night in game one, because I'm a big defender of the officials. I feel like in the national media, I'm like maybe the biggest defender of the officials. And part of that is because I go out and see games across the world, and I see how bad the actual refereeing is across the world. And I go, it's imperfect, but we got the best we got. And so I'm always the guy. You've seen the cops. Yeah, you got the cops. Yeah, I've seen referees have to get escorted off the floor because they're going to get attacked by the fans. Okay, I believe that 99% of the time, no matter what anybody says, refereeing certain calls don't decide the outcome. But Monday night was the 1%. Monday night, that kickball call was crushing and not only that but there was an illegal screen oh yeah right before the kickball which i didn't have a problem with i'm not calling but then they call the illegal screen a few seconds later i will defend officials all day long that play cost the pacers game one because it's a tie game it's going to be a fast break the pacers just did a great job getting the steal Neesmith comes off that illegal screen busts his tail to get in there knocks the ball out and the Pacers are going to be on the fast break in a tie game and what's going to happen is probably one of those Knicks guys is going to grab a Pacer and it's probably going to be a take foul and they're going to get a shot and the ball and maybe they put the game away in that possession the next two to three so this is indianapolis keep saying it pal because you're a basketball person. So that play was worth flipping out over, seriously. And then they didn't. And so the Pacers, like, I don't know if they, like, had a big powwow before the press conference, but they decided they were going to take the high road. And they weren't. In fact, they didn't even send any clips in i mean listen after the game the referee admitted they botched it like they didn't wait for the two minute report the referee took accountability and said we botched that call which was obvious but still we so what ended up happening i think is that that Rick was hoping that they would get a more fair whistle in game two. Now, I don't think that last night's game was egregious, but I've got to be honest. I spent the entire second quarter watching footage of the first quarter, trying to figure out where Jalen Brunson got hurt. So he may produce 11 clips from the second quarter and go, look at these 11 plays. I might be like, you know what, you're right. We went on a clips from the second quarter and go look at these 11 plays and I might be like you know what you're right we went on a run in the second quarter I don't think he's bitching about the second quarter I don't think there's any of that happening but let's get away from that the Pacers are going to use this as fuel wait till you guys get back to Indiana those refs thought MSG was intimidating and felt obligated to make calls for the home team. Wait until they get downtown Indianapolis. Halliburton and Kaitlin Clark's house. That place is going to be romped. The big event in Indy is tonight, right? Tomorrow is just the dessert. Tonight is the big event. Yeah, absolutely. Kaitlin Clark, first game. Preseason. It's preseason. You're not going to be courtside for that? Come on. You can do it. Yeah, absolutely. Regular season starts next Thursday. That's right. In Indiana. We're doing stuff for Mother's Day tonight. Yeah. We're trying to plan for Sunday. Oh, I gotcha. I gotcha. Just a reminder. Yeah, it's preseason. We It's preseason. Don't let... No, no, no. It's preseason. Yeah, but remember, Wendy told us, like, I will never cover the WNBA because of how busy I am covering the other stuff. Remember he said that? Yeah, verbatim. And now he's telling us, like... I love covering Team USA women in the Olympics and stuff. They're awesome. I love covering the women. They're great to watch play. We're talking about the W. We're talking about the W. I have not been to a WNBA game in a number of years. Good news. We got you tickets tonight, courtside. All right. I'm coming in. I'll be in tonight. Okay, you got a plus three, I think. I think you got a plus three. Okay. Now, if you don't go you're yeah that guy all right i'm not laying i'm not land until after 11 so i won't make it but i just heard that that's the big event the big event in india the next two days is caitlin clark tonight that's what i was told i will say caitlin clark is moving the needle here next couple months you know by the way did you guys see uh and i don't mean to get off the topic but you guys see the other the other night when the when the when the fever played an exhibition game that wasn't on tv and so somebody just live streamed it on their phone on twitter i didn't say and it had like a had a hundred thousand viewers live at one point that's what i'm talking about that's awesome that's that's awesome yeah now they got charter flights and life is good you know the w is only growing maybe someday it'll earn a windy coverage. If I was getting in early, I was going to take a flight right now, but I do the show, I had to push my flight. Oh, so it's our fault. Okay, Wendy. Omaha's got probably three to four planes leaving a day. I doubt one. I'm in New York, buddy. That's the East River. Oh, big city windy oh yeah oh yeah we saw you this morning yeah yeah you look good you look the lighting you were you know properly yeah i had a good lighting i had a good lighting all right well welcome to indianapolis when you get here tonight uh i'll be asleep um but it'll be halftime of mavs and thunder probably and when we look at this matchup are we very worried about Lucas Knee? Yes, we are. We are very worried about Lucas Knee. That is the conversation of the entire series, or is it of SGA and the boys in Oklahoma City being phenomenal and not really talked about much all year, which is potentially why another person won the MVP over somebody that maybe the world didn't even realize existed in the way that he does uh for a large portion of it is that is that what we're worried about or no well i will say shea gillis alexander finished second in mvp voting so he can he's no longer an undervalued underrated player you finish second you're not allowed to say you're underrated um i gotta tell you you put those odds up there but i would i would stay away from this until i see what luca looks like because here's what i don't know they played like four days before game one they had four days off and they didn't have to travel they were home they had time off and then their flight to ok Oklahoma City is a half hour. So he should have been in relatively good rest, and he didn't look good at all in that game. Now, I have to wonder, is there going to be – he sort of fell in the early part of that game. Did he aggravate that knee, and that's why he didn't have any burst? Or is that knee just that way right now? And that's what I don't know. If he fell in that first quarter, he got tangled up, I think, with Lou Dort, and he fell, and he kind of banged his knee. If that performance was because of that, I feel one way. If he really can't do his step back because his big weapon because he's so big and strong people got to play off him and if that step back where he pushes off that right leg um if that's going to be because he's 5 of 35 on threes in the last four games like that is not luca and if he doesn't have that lift like i thought i honestly at the beginning of this western conference semis i thought any of these four teams could have won it i could make a case not Luca. And if he doesn't have that lift, I honestly, at the beginning of this Western Conference semis, I thought any of these four teams could have won it. I could make a case for OKC, Dallas, Minnesota, and Denver. And now I'm wondering, does Dallas have their guy? So I've got to watch and see tonight. I'm going to learn a lot about what the Mavericks' chances are watching this first half. Okay, and when you talk about the West, remember everybody's talking about the West being so stacked and the West being loaded. The East kind of boring, right? Celtics are just going to do their thing. Yep. And then there's been a 22-year-old sensation. Ty has a question for you, Wendy. Yeah, Wendy, do you think that series is done? I mean, we saw the video of Jokic getting his MVP. It didn't seem like they were tight or anything like that, but then you watch these games and they're just getting dominated. Obviously, all the Jamal Murray stuff. Is there a world where the Nuggets come back and just look incredible and end up winning this series? Or do you think the Hayes kind of in the barn and Minnesota is going to find a way to get this done? Very good Indiana reference, Hay in the Barn. Good job. Loved it. Loved it. Good job. Yeah, more of a corner place, buddy. Listen, I live in Omaha. We're down for it. So I think Chris Finch, the coach of the Timberwolves, he has been planning and plotting how to play this game plan for maybe a year. And he had this tucked away in the file and this game plan where they were going to press full court. Plus, they saw Jamal Murray's calf was a little bit sore, and they're like, we're going to put it to him. And they're like, why should Jokic get to dribble over the half court just because he's the center? He's not allowed to do that. We got three centers. We're going to press them. And the Nuggets acted like they'd never seen it before. To be honest with you, there's very few game plan coaching moves that no one's ever seen before. Maybe you throw a zone or you throw a matchup difference that staggers a team for four or five possessions, or maybe it works for a game. This game plan that Chris Finch came out with, holy moly, what an effective game plan, totally. I mean, the Nuggets never look rattled. They were so rattled. They're throwing stuff on the court, blaming the officials. Guys, they can't get the ball over half court. And not only that, Gobert was out in game two. Like they're in a situation where they lose a defensive player of the year, right? And they didn't know what they could plan for for three days. His girlfriend went into labor. She had the baby. Good for her. Congratulations to their new son. Hell yeah. But he gets that team ready to play, not just him. Mike Conley, I think he's from Indy. Ant Edwards. All those guys, Carl Towns, they're like, you know what, we don't have the defensive player of the year, but we're going to go play the best defensive game we've seen all, NBA's seen all season anyway. That was an incredible performance. So here's my thing. Minnesota's big Achilles heel, what stops everybody from saying Minnesota could win the West at the start was that they're not a great offensive team. That some nights, as great as their defense is, they just can't score. So while they're shutting down Denver in those first two games, they also were red hot shooting the ball, over 50% shooting. So the question is, can they still play offense like this? And if they can, guys, if they can play offense like they did the last two games, they're going to win it all. But they're really not that good of an offensive team. Well, they are who they show us to be. You're right. They're 168, I believe, is this game, 26 points differential. I love that they go press Virginia, and then all of a sudden Denver's a little bit rattled. Now, this is something they'll continue to do, or is the expectation you think that they'll continue to do this? And how do we feel about Malone and the champions potentially reacting, or is this one like, hey? Well, Michael Malone, I mean, you know, Michael Malone's known for calling out his team. And he went deep. He was like, I've never seen us in the nine years I've been coaching here. He says, I've never seen us lose our composure like that. Even back when they were a 500 team, he was like, I've never seen us lose our composure like that. That was done basically with Will and a great game plan. Finch used to coach the Nuggets. It was a couple years ago. He was an assistant coach. He knows Jokic and all that stuff. So I'm telling you, man. Who's the guy that built the team? The GM as well. Who's the guy that built the team? I just saw something on the internet, some Instagram sports. Great breakdown. I wish I could remember. Bland white. Yes. Great information, good delivery is the video. The guy who built the Nuggets team now has built the Minnesota Timberwolves team. Is that accurate? Who is that dude? Do we know who that is? Tim Connolly was hired away at enormous salary, pulled out of Denver, and he drafted Jokic. He traded for Andrew Aaron Gordon. He drafted Michael Porter. He drafted Jamal Murray. He traded for Kentavious Caldwell-Polk. Those are all his moves. He paid Rudy, too. He traded for Kentavious Caldwell-Polk. Those are all his moves. He traded for Rudy and everybody thought that was a terrible idea. He traded for Mike Conley. Whenever he was in Minnesota, it's like this guy has built both these teams pretty much. But he didn't win a championship with Denver. Here's the thing. Here's a little story about Tim Conley. We talk about offseason maneuvers and who's a big free agent. Oh, it's Paul George. What if I told you Tim Connolly is going to be a free agent this summer if he wants to be? Because Tim Connolly doesn't just make good deals with teams when he's making trades. He makes good deals for himself. So a couple of years ago, Denver wanted to extend his contract, but he didn't want to pay him the market rate. Because, you know, Denver's ownership, even though they're rich, they're a little bit tight sometimes with their spending. So he said, all right, I'll sign for less than I could get elsewhere, but I'm going to get a free out. If somebody else wants to come hire me, you can't keep me. I'm actually an at-will employee. And boy, was that smart. Because then all of a sudden, Minnesota was like, wait a minute, we can steal this guy? We're going to give him a $40 million deal and like a share of the team. And so when he came to Minnesota, he goes, okay, well, what happens if you guys can't close this deal, A-Rod and Mark Lurie? I'm like, okay, well, if we can't close the deal by such and such a date he may not want to go anywhere but he may i mean he didn't get a ring for that denver team but he did 90 of the work and now he might be building another team that could get to the finals and he might help them to be a free agent in a couple of months that is a guy who's underrated as a pretty darn smart executive in pro sports tim connolly know the name hell yeah tim connelly and shout out to whoever i watched on Instagram. My Algo. Hell of an... Hey, Zuck. Thanks. This guy. Who? This guy. What's his name? Ryan Hammer. Hey, Hammer. Dad. We love you, Hammer. Thank you, buddy. And shout out to Zuck's Algo, too. Kind of putting that in front of me. I get it. Because as I was watching, I'm like, what? This guy built both these teams right now? It seems like this should be a story. Well, I will say this. Ann Edwards was there, and I think Tim Conley would be the first to tell you, it helps to have a superstar on the team. So he's done a good job in Minnesota, but I don't want to take away from the fact that Ann Edwards and Carl Towns were already there. That helps. Agreed. Sounds good. Yeah, he did Luke Garza's on his feet or whatever he's on. When Luka Garza gets minutes, the Timberwolves win. Nobody's talking about it. Iowa great. You're damn right. I didn't know you showed respect for anybody outside of Ohio State in the Big Ten. Garza is ripped, dude. Even by NBA standards, nobody Garza is ripped, dude. I mean, even by NBA standards, nobody would mess with that guy. The sky's blue, Wendy. Hell yeah, Wendy. Tone has a question for you. Wendy, we're talking about strategy and game plans. Is there one that exists on Earth that gives the Cavaliers any chance tonight or moving forward in the series? So, all right. This is what I've been saying about Cleveland because you know I'm from Ohio. I've been saying about cleveland because you know i'm from ohio yep i've been telling people in cleveland they're gonna have a good three-point shooting night because they were a good three-point shooting team and they're getting worse they shot 28 in the series against the magic and i was like well they're gonna eventually make threes 26 in game one uh not great so like if you're asking me how they can beat Boston, make a ton of threes, and Boston have an average game, and maybe they get one. So I will say that they are due to make three-pointers. There is nowhere written that they must make them, but they are in a team-wide slump. And here's the thing about Cleveland. Other than Donovan Mitchell, basically nobody on their team is playing well right now. The only guy who was playing well, who could argue they were playing near their regular season play, was Jared Allen, and he has now got this vicious rib injury. He's missed four games. I don't know if he's going to play tonight. So if anybody on the Cleveland team started playing basically to their ability level, that would also be a help. It was 11 and a half in game one. They won by 25. Tonight it's 13 and a half points spread. Wow. We shall see in the garden. And since we already talked about that, last question here from Boston. Hey, if it means anything, Boston's up right now. Boston is up right now with the roast and everything. Everything happening. And the Bruins now, they lose 6-1, so that's certainly problematic. Celtics seemingly walking to the Eastern Conference Finals. In their minds, I believe in spite of in-calves, could do something. But this guy is up right now. But there's one commercial, seemingly. Conman, go ahead yeah wendy um and this isn't just a personal thing i think this is quite universal um do you think there's a chance adam silver makes a call to the commercial committee i don't know what it's called to make sure that they stop running the what a pro wants commercial with sga and chad holmgren because two young stars yeah two stars on a one seed in the West because every time someone sees it, I think one or two people die from drinking bleach. No! I suppose it's a victory for the commercial director because everybody talks about it. No, see, this is the old, any numbers are good numbers. I don't even know what that's for. Do you know what that's for? No, I have no idea. I think it's AT&T or something like that. See, you don't even know, Wendy. I thought it was Kia. Well, no, Kia is a factory. It is definitely not Kia. It is definitely not Kia. I will say that I am afraid to know what the cutting room floor looks like. Those were the takes that they took i have to assume that those guys and they're by the way those guys have excellent agents i assume that they saw the footage and said send it we got a winner well wendy it's not about the commercial okay if that commercial is only like 10 times i I think it's good. Sure. It's been shown 1,500 times. It's like, it is like a song. Like, what's that? Friday. Burger. Friday. Friday. Friday. It's like being played every single commercial break. It's like, damn. I mean, you're a businessman. You know all aspects of the business. Is that a nine-figure ad campaign? For You know all aspects of the business. Is that a nine-figure ad campaign? For who? For ESPN and TNT or for Chet and SGA? No, no, the whole thing. To buy the time, to make the commercial, all that stuff? Oh, yeah. For sure. Nine figures? Nine figures. I don't know. Somebody signed off on that. And you know what? They're probably getting a bonus. Yeah. Hey, way to go. No problem. They're talking about it. All right, you're the man. We appreciate you joining us on short notice. Safe travels to our city, pal. Take care. I'll enjoy it. Can't believe you're turning down those tickets to tonight's game. I know. We messed up. Brian Ladies and gentlemen, Brian Wendhorst hates the W. Hates the W. That's crazy. I know. He just said Cleveland. Yeah, Cleveland has to make more threes than they've ever made, and the Celtics have to not have a good night. Cleveland needs Jesus Christ to beat the Boston Celtics. Because Boston has him, and his name's Derek White. Yeah. Yeah, I heard he had a big one the other night. I mean, he's a superstar. most underrated player in the NBA, and I don't think that's me saying something as a Boston Celtics fan. I think that's another thing around the league. Like, yeah, Derek White is one of the best players in the Celtics, but no one really gives a shit because of all the other names. I'm pretty pumped up that the fact that Brad Stevens was able to build a team in Boston that is just so heavily favored in the playoffs, and is just so expected to just win like that was crazy to hear spider just knocked off the orlando magic hoop once again we did not know that they were even playing no but you know there's teams that didn't make the playoffs sure these teams are supposed to go on and then it's like yeah 13 and a half point favorites and we are taking we are laying 13 and a half with this celtics team it's like what a wagon and with what's going on in the west i mean who knows yeah laying 13.5, and it's probably still not enough. But if you just think about Stevens as the president of basketball operations, it was a finals appearance his first year with MAU-DOCA, where they lost to the Warriors. Obviously, the conference finals last year against the Heat, where they lost in seven games after coming back 3-0, and then this year. But the teams have been different every year. Obviously, they have Tatum and Brown and those guys, but there have been very pivotal pieces that Brad Stevens has gone out every offseason and gotten to get the team to be better. And we don't even have Porzingis playing. We got Luke Cornett who, I mean, look out. He's got a lot of Luka Garza in him. He truly does. He truly does. You should be careful of that big number 40 beneath the rim. He's a big son of a bitch. Brad Stevens, Executive of the Year, I do believe, in the NBA. Congrats to him, and thank you to the NBA for having playoffs because, you know, before that 10 o'clock puck drop, there was just a blowout, so it was nice to go watch a little basketball. Couldn't say that the last couple nights, but both leagues are showing up for us whenever we need it. Speaking of showing up for us whenever we need it. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, a man who's not scared to be a fan of your team, especially if he can benefit from it. P.K. Subair. Yeah, P.K.! What's up, gents? What's going on, boys? What's the hat? What's the hat? Who are we repping today? I got this. I went to St. Bart's for the first time this year. I got this hat down in St. Bart's. So it has nothing to do with any sports teams, but it's a nice hat. Yeah, definitely trying to get some free resort stays down in St. Bart's. Favorite island. Love it down there. Love it down there in St. Bart's. Let's talk about last night. Panthers get back in a big way. 6-1, fights to end it. What are your thoughts on that game? Is that water finding its level? How should Bruins fans look at this? How should Panthers fans look at what happened last night, PK? Well, for Panthers fans, it's a long time coming. We haven't seen the Florida Panthers get back to the style of play. We've seen kind of spurts of it and bits and pieces of it throughout a game, but to see them kind of turn it up a notch, obviously to go down one, nothing, and then wake up. And then we see it all boil over at the end of the game. If you are a Florida Panthers fan, this is the time to get really excited about the way your team's playing, because this is their game in a nutshell. It's hand-to-hand combat. It's man-on-man. This is not two-on-ones. This is hand-to-hand combat in the corners, in front of the net. You know what it's going to be against the Florida Panthers. You're going to have to fight for every inch. And they had to do that. And then there was some fighting. I mean, the stars come out. Matthew Kachuk, David Pasadak, two willing combatants. And by the way, so the world knows, they did not have to fight. They didn't have to do this. These are two guys that understand this is sportsmanship, gamesmanship, all of it. I mean, the game's over. Give David Pasternak credit for hanging in there and doing it, and I'm sure Jim Montgomery loved it. But I think both fans need to be happy. This series is 1-1. It's going to be a hell of a series. Yeah, and you talk aboutoston not having to do that kachuk didn't have to they're up six one i mean you know in the lead and he's obviously star and you could you know you can't you get hurt yeah you get hurt fighting out there obviously whenever you're getting after it it's like stars fighting is beautiful i love it and then marshand gets involved you're talking about like all the big patty maroonoon gets sent off the ice for something he said. I don't know what he said, but something was coming, and the ref said we need to get him out of here. But I liked it all the way through, even in a blowout. There's some testiness, and this is only game two, PK. We still got games left now, especially up in Boston. It's only going to get chippier, right? That's what we're expecting? Well well it's not hard to elevate the hate when you're playing against the Bruins you know I did it fairly easily and I'm pretty sure every player that's ever played against the Bruins can do it fairly easily for whatever reason when you're playing Boston it's easy to get that hate up but we haven't seen Florida get this much hate in their game since last year in the playoffs we needed it and you know Paul Maurice loves it, but this is their style. This is their identity. They're going to get in your kitchen. They're going to beat you on the scoreboard, beat you in the corners. And you know, for David Pasternak, he's got to be willing to get his nose dirty like this, but he's the best player on the ice as far as skill goes. He's still got to play the game. Like the Boston Bruins need him to be playing his best hockey right now, not fighting Matthew Kachuk. But I will say this. Anybody who looks at that situation in a negative way doesn't understand playoff hockey. If you are a Boston Bruins fan, if you are a player in that locker room, you are so happy to look at David Pasternak and go to war with that guy that he was willing to do that. And Matthew Kachuk, hats and go to war with that guy, that he was willing to do that. And Matthew Kachuk, hats off to him. The guy's a gamer. We know what he brings. But even him acknowledging David Pasternak for stepping up was pretty awesome to see. So all-time great playoff hockey last night. Yeah, we love it. Thank you. Thank you. And a blowout, making it entertaining, which is what hockey can do. Some other sports in a blowout, you can't make it entertaining. Hockey can. The Stars came out. We appreciate that. Now, all of us, not all of us, I guess because Gumpy actually doesn't sleep. We all fell asleep 4-1. Three minutes left in that second game. Culver and Edmonton, it's 4-1. And that game's over, we all seemingly think, especially with the potential home, ICO, cook, dead, and everything cooking going on there. And then there's a massive comeback in that third period that we all fell asleep through on the eastern part of the United States of America. We woke up in absolute shock here. Edmonton, I guess, has not beaten Vancouver all season, is what Gumby said. They have their number. What are our thoughts on the series now? And did you stay up for this and watch this live? This had to be electrifying if we were up for this. So I blinked, and it was 5-4. It was crazy. What a game last night in Vancouver. And, you know, Vancouver deserves this. I said I wanted Edmonton and McKinnon in the final, which I do. That's what I want. But how can you not like Vancouver Canucks? From Rick Talkett to the coach, who probably should win Coach of the Year this year, if not for what he's done in Vancouver since they've been there. He's continued to get the most out of these players. Game in and game out. They lose their number one goaltender, no big deal. They lose their second goaltender, no big deal. They lose their second goaltender, no big deal. Banged up injuries, they find ways to win. And coming out of that national series was not easy. Now they're playing against Conor McDavid, best player in the world right now. They go up 4-1 and find themselves up 5-4 with a minute left to go in the game. Just a tremendous comeback. And it's not surprising. Vancouver is one of those teams that's got a lot of offensive weapons. They can score goals. So it's going to be about them playing five on five and managing McDavid and Dreisaitl and Hyman. But they can score goals. Edmonton's going to have to play solid defense. And this was one of the questions that I had about their team earlier on in the year, is can they lock it down? And they've shown they can win games 1-0. I think when you get up 4-1, we've seen a couple comebacks already early in the postseason. This is hockey now. No lead is safe. 1-0, 4-1, doesn't matter. You've got to play a full 60. That's why series are seven games. That's why we have overtime. That's why you can play extra minutes. You've got to put teams to bed. And that's why I didn't pick your Bruins to win the series because they've got no killer instinct as far as I'm concerned. No killer instinct. They're all fighting at the end of the night. I appreciate it. And your Boston bias is a real deal. What was it? 3-0 though two nights ago, right? It was Dallas and OBS or whatever, right? It was 3-0. 3-0 stars in the first period. 4-1 last night. I mean, no games over seemingly. That's awesome. Big ones tonight though, PK. Connor's got a question for you. Yeah, PK, how do you feel about the change in goal for Carolina? Do you think that's going to give them some extra juice? It felt like Freddie Anderson was kind of playing well and that the issue was more so on the other side of the net getting that puck past igor but do you think that might kind of mix up the locker room in carolina give them uh you know a fresh wind but in their sails as well as freddie played um do i agree with it i think that when you see a goaltender that has played as well as he did i don't think he had a chance on a lot of those goals like their power play goals tic-tac-toe i mean no goalie stopping that i mean it's ridiculous i think carolina's got to take a long look in the mirror here game three is a must-win game for the carolina hurricanes you go down three nothing to the rangers you can basically start planning golf trips because i don't see you beating the rangers you know two games in a row with the way they're playing and the way Igor Shostakhin's playing. So it's a must win for game three. But where's your special teams? Your special teams got to be better. The Rangers have just absolutely smacked Carolina around in the special teams game, and Carolina's nonexistent. I know this is a hard-checking team. We love the way Carolina plays five-on-five. Hard-checking. They finally get their defense involved in the offensive cycle, in the offensive zone, getting involved in the rush, and that's helped them generate some more offense. But you've got to be able to kill penalties, and you've got to be able to score on your power play. They had four or five opportunities in the third period in game two to put the Rangers away and they didn't get it done. Killer instinct. You want to make it to the next rounds. You want to continue to progress through the Stanley Cup playoffs. Your special teams got to get it done. The Carolina Hurricanes need to look at their special teams, not the goaltending. Special teams, special players. Amen. What's up, brother? Going on all around the NHL. Ty has a question for you as we're coming up on a hard eye. What about the other game tonight, PK? I think in terms of you're talking about the layoffs. Dallas obviously goes 7 and then they're kind of shot out of the can in the first period against the Avalanche. Go up 3-0. They obviously lose that game. Is there a chance that they might be similar to how Boston was last night, maybe a little bit of cement in their skates tonight going into this game, or how do you see that one going? Well, Dallas is going to have to play with the same energy that they brought against Vegas. We're still waiting to see if they can sustain that because I'll tell you this, in recent history, whenever you've played a top team earlier on in the playoffs, and I know this, I've been in that situation, sometimes winning that first or second round is almost like winning the Stanley Cup. You go up against the Stanley Cup champions and you beat them in seven games, and here you are in the second round now, and you're like, oh my God, we got past the team that won the Cup last year. So they've got to stay in the moment and bring that same energy that they brought against vegas if they do that this is going to be a hell of a series if they don't if they're young players wyatt johnson stan coven all these if they don't contribute the way they did in the first round dallas gonna have a tough time against colorado because colorado's top players mccarr mckinnon all you can do is contain those guys. You ain't shutting them down. So I'm just telling you, the way those guys are playing right now, I don't see Dallas shutting them down. They're too explosive. You see them take over games. You got to contain them, but they're going to need their depth. Dallas is going to need their depth more than ever in this series. Oh, no, Gumpy serious oh no gumpy coach we need our big guns too like robo rupe hints those guys need to get going a bit jamie ben the young lads they're big guys they're good players but they ain't kael mccarr nobody is i'm not saying whoa and that's i'm just saying that's what the reality is they have to play they got to be the best version of themselves absolutely we know what nathan mckinnon's doing and we know what kael mccarr is doing so They got to be the best version of themselves. Absolutely. But we know what Nathan McKinnon's doing, and we know what Kale McCarr is doing. So you got to answer the bell. We'll see if Georgiev can stand on his head every night as well. Well, we think some goalies have proven that they can. For Swayman last night, he gets pulled. He's been on quite a run here, quite a run. You know. He needs run you know he needs a rest yes he needs a rest you know yeah he needs a rest i wouldn't look too much into that yeah this is standard stuff i think this is standard playoff hockey goalie stuff i think like this is gonna happen especially in best of seven series we're pumped for swayman on his head but like every once in a while you know all right let's take a break every other game yeah but he's the one who wanted it so it's like a it's kind of a band it was similar to freddie anderson like none of those goals last night i think as a fan you look at like swayman what are we doing like they were all pretty good goals or just layups yeah and don't take a breather exactly i'm done the guy take a breather let me take five real quick hey speaking of taking five thank you for taking time is this workout gear that you got on here just you just get done yeah i sculpted the guns I did back today. So don't, the arms aren't too pumped. It's because I did back. So the lats are teed up. Everything's teed up. But I'm actually about to jump. I'm actually about to jump in a car on the way to Boston. I got Celtics tonight, Bruins tomorrow. So let's go. Where's my Celtics at? I already packed it. I already packed it. Didn't know if you wanted to put another island on your head you know maybe went over some favors at a resort you're the best pk we appreciate you brother ladies and gentlemen pk so bad yeah we tried to we hit a bunch of hockey people this morning you know just talk about the collabs of boston well easy and a big time comeback in western canada and you know western canada stuff that's a different time zone oh yeah so whenever you're trying to make that all happen, it's tough. Different world. And then PK was like, I got you. Whatever you need, man. It's like, PK, thank you, pal. Yeah, he's great. To people in Boston this weekend, if you see PK. Be nice to him. Yeah, just say hello, maybe, okay? A lot of people saying, Now he comes on the show. What an entertaining being. Boston still hates him, but they hate him a lot. Hey, that means he did something good. Exactly. That means you did something good. You ain't got hairs. You ain't popping. Bingo. Hour two on the other side. We'll have Jason Light, GM of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, AJ Hawk, and some more chitter-chatter about what's going on around the sports world. Be a friend It's impossible to be at the top at both of those essentially like it's Another farting day in Orlovsky's situation What do you mean it's unbelievable Listen to this clip this is you just moments ago I did not fart. This is two times now, Dan. This is an Orlovsky thing. Are you guys being serious right now or are you messing with me? Dan. Listen to this clip. This is you just moments ago. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially. Like it's... Dan. Whoa. I mean, undeniable. You guys definitely... You guys definitely... No, you freaking idiot. No, My wife texted me. She I were you right now, I'd go grab some food. My wife texted me. She said, oh my gosh, McAfee show. I'm dead. I go, babe, I promised you on everything. I did not fart. Who runs your Twitter account? AD. I do. What's this all about? I would like to know, in that situation, where your butthole started talking, what did I do? I'm here to be serious with you, man. What are you, chugging a glass of milk, eating some fruit over there, get you some coffee, get that butthole a little bit more active? I haven't ate. I'm eating yogurt. I have a thousand text messages right now of people going, oh my gosh, and I'm like, I just wanted to have like a quiet Tuesday. I don't even know why we loop. We have the video. Shams, let's let you judge here. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially. Like it's... I need to hear the context. I want to give our guy... Oh, Shams, shut up. He said it sounded like a fart. What did AJ vote? It's a fart all day long, Kirk. You know that. Has anybody voted no. Damn. I'll be the captain of team no today. We need you to do a tie-breaking vote. Is that okay? Sounds good to me. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those, essentially. Like, it's no doubt. I mean, I like how he just kept on going right there. When he was talking, he didn't even break stride as that thing came out. He went and got the buggy, went to the store, grabbed some dude wipes to wipe those ass cheeks just like i assume you do is welcome you have to go dry wet dry toilet paper white toilet paper if not you're really risking the rest of the day having the swamp ass no dan orlovsky man he gotta accept that man he gotta wear that with a pride one thing that really bothers me when people do not take credit for it you know if somebody says oh that was you that farted i get upset when it wasn't me i'm like no when am i ever not take credit for it. You know, if somebody says, oh, that was you that farted, I get upset when it wasn't me. I'm like, no, when have I ever not claimed it when it was mine? You should claim it. What about all those airports? People are traveling today, looking up at the ESPN. Hey, we're asking you to fart. What's wrong with this guy? The closed captioning person, whoever it is, theylamation mark, I think a couple times. Wow. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey! What? Let's go! This show stinks and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Your friends tell their friends something nice could change their life. Hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode the thunderdome on this mother's day is sunday thursday may 9 2024 hour two of the program starts now sports are the greatest thing on earth and we're lucky to cover them every single day we'll have a conversation with general manager of the tampa bay buccaneers jason light in about 15 minutes or so in one hour from now nikki glazer oh hell yeah we'll be joining us now obviously she's been doing comedy since she was 18 Jason Light in about 15 minutes or so. And one hour from now, Nikki Glaser. Oh, hell yeah. Will be joining us. Now, obviously, she's been doing comedy since she was 18 years old. She looks like she's 20, so we don't know the exact amount of time. But she is a veteran in the game. And at the roast, the greatest roast of all time the other night on Netflix, she was one of the show stealers. She has a special coming out this Saturday on HBO Max. Oh, sorry. On Max. No longer HBO. Of course. Can't wait to chat with her. My wife, big fan. Cannot wait to, yeah, just, she seems to be a genius. Dog. Dog. Yes. Absolute dog and genius. That'll be one hour from now. Should be a great last hour and a half, two hours or so. The talk's tables here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. One half of the hammer. Cowboys Tone Diggs is here. And joining us live from an attic in Ohio is a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, a Ryder Cup winner, and a man who is the current president of the state of Ohio. Alongside Kirk Herbstreit. Ladies and gentlemen, AJ Hawke. Ooh, good haircut. Good haircut. Wow. Look at this guy. New teeth, new haircut, new life, new you. Let's go, AJ. How we doing? Hell yeah. I'm doing great. Hey, what's going on? I just saw Jason Kelsey's apologizing on Twitter. Am I behind the times? He said Secretariat took some juice or something. What's happening? Yeah, he was talking about how Secretariat was juicing back in the day He doesn't need to apologize, first off. People got pissed off for whatever reason. I don't know. He had to answer for it. But then he basically said that, you know, someone was saying, like, well, what about Barry Bonds? Jason Kelsey has put out a tweet at 1222 today. I'm sorry, everyone. I wasn't trying to get the people riled up. I really thought it was just known that in the 70s, steroid use was rampant. I'm not trying to take away from secretariats or anyone from that era's legacy. You're right. Without proof, it is unfair to assume these things publicly. I apologize. All right. He just said, from what we know about that era, from what we've been told and what athletes have said in documentaries and books about the time, we can assume that it's not just you. Horse is probably on some stuff as well. That's right. Is that what he said on New Heights Pod? They really got people zeked up here? So a bunch of horse marks got mad. This is the second time I think he's apologized for something he shouldn't apologize for. And I'm tired of him apologizing. He needs to stop doing it. What did he apologize for? The mask that he found on the ground or whatever. He apologized to that kid for no reason or whatever. Can Can you click on the – can you click on, yeah, on that one. Let's see what they're replying to. What is going on? What are they replying to? He must have said something about horses juicing. Is that what he's doing? No, no. Go into the – yep. Let's go in there. Let's find – let's get to the end of this. So here it is. The Kentucky Derby is a tale out of the house this weekend when he went to the Kentucky Derby. I sure did. I'm a Derby guy now, man. Everyone saw you roll up to the Kentucky Derby in one of the most gangstered out outfits I've ever seen. Nice little double-breasted pinstripe right now. Looking good. Be honest, were you the most styling and profiling motherfucker in the derby. I was just up there having a blast. And shout out to the Zoldan family from Youngstown, Ohio, man. They've been ingrained in the derby for, I believe, over 30 years now. Hey, did you hang out with the Zoldan family? For it to be the 150th derby, there's a whole new setup around the track for fan engagement. It was a once- time experience that i am definitely going to try and experience again man no it looks great i appreciate the invite you ain't you don't get out of the house we saw the horses up close and personal saw the jockeys not gonna lie i thought the horses were way bigger these are thoroughbreds brother they're they're made for speed i think them jockeys are so small jockeys are tiny but that's what i'm saying when you see it on tv and you see the horse to jockey ratio, you're like, damn, that's a big animal. But in reality, the jockeys are all like 100 pounds. I'm definitely in for another year of that if you want to go next year, dude. Do you want to do the infield with me next year? Yeah. I'd love to experience it. One year it rained and everybody just collectively decided to create like a big ring in the infield. Everybody field everybody just started mud wrestling what the telling you dude it's a different experience the derby is a tale of two worlds it really is so what was the reply it was a tweet from earlier he put out a couple hours ago so alley kentucky girl responds secretary it wasn't on steroids his heart was three times the size of a normal thoroughbred so he was able to supply his body with oxygen faster his heart weighed over 20 pounds when he died, and normal is eight. Bunch of horses. So was she just replying to his original tweets to this video instead? It's got to be something else. There's people that don't understand how X works, though. Yeah, exactly. Responding to a different video, you're going to throw us all in a loop, especially on live TV. Just go and put it... Alright, I'm done. I'm done with it. Also, stuff like that, if you're talking about the derby and horses, if your profile picture is you hugging a horse around it, you don't get... Because everyone knows where you're coming from. I just experienced this with the... You don't get to have a say on this. You don't. Yeah don't like yeah people with the 500 getting pissed at me you click on their profile it's like there's two things i love my family and racing it's like yeah well you're the asshole who i'm talking to like you don't get to have a say i know you love racing it's not an asshole he just loves any 500 but that was my whole point is like you don't need just because someone doesn't like listen i love baseball okay do i come in here like shoving it down your guys' throat like, you guys didn't watch the Yankees game last night? Why not? It hit a bunch of homers. It was a great – I don't do that because you guys don't like baseball, and that's okay. We don't all have to like the same things, but that's just my point is when you're doing stuff like that're you know tongue kissing a horse in your profile picture whoa i don't know if that was a french kiss or a kentucky kiss saying nonetheless like the whole thought that kentucky kiss it's always fans of these niche sports the racing the horses the ufc fans are the worst of the bunch but i these niche sports that don't they don't talk about our niche sports handball let's be real we we've all experienced the handball at the bottom i would just like to let the racing fans both horse and car racing fans your passion is awesome way to go keep fighting a good fight i love what you love keep fighting a good fight we appreciate it ufc fans i mean the numbers that ufc is doing you're calling it a niche sport i dana white coming here smack you right not one of the four major sports is it time to say it's five major sports I don't know the numbers they put up are absurd it's not a once a week thing they have a season 52 weeks a year it's a good chatter chatter but the apology to the crowd I think if we were to read that in Jason Kelsey's voice I don't think it was genuine it felt a little facetious a good chatter chatter but the uh the apology to the crowd i think if we were to read that in jason kelsey's voice i don't think it was genuine aj i don't think it was a genuine it's a little facetious yeah which is i'm all i'm on board with that no question i just it popped up and i'm like man i hope this isn't too real i hope he didn't really feel bad so you know bruce bruce the bruce brown i mean i saw bruce brown i mean nicks are dead, right? See ya. That's not who he's talking about. I'm talking about Bruce from Youngstown. Yeah, different Bruce. Oh, Bruce Zoldan, yeah. I know Bruce. Their horse won the Derby, I don't know, 15, 10, 20 years ago. They're from Ohio? Youngstown, guys, yeah. They're there every year. And did you hang out with Travis this weekend? How come that wasn Oh, we heard about Kid Rock's beeper. Yeah. I didn't see Travis the Track. He was a little bit down in the new little area. I saw him Friday night at that Sports Illustrated party. I talked to him a little bit. How was he? He looked so cool, I bet. Did he look cool on Friday night? Yeah, he looked cool. You know, he's like a those two. Keep going, boys. Keep going, boys. New Hyde Spot is fantastic. Obviously, we are fans. There's been some stuff that has come from the greatest roast of all time by a couple of the roasters. Some behind-the-scenes chatter from games with names with Julian Edelman alongside Drew Bledsoe. Chit-chatting about the green room before the show started when you had Bill Belichick there. And then who walked in? Oh, look at that fart. Here's Julian Edmond talking to Drew Bledsoe on Games with Names. Pension in that room, though. It was. It was real. Good cut fucking glass. It was very real. It was very real. I was so awkward. I was like, I was watching Coach, and I tried to give Coach a heads up. I see Kraft walk in. I'm like, yo, Coach. You know, like some locker room shit, like 5-0, 5-0. You know, like, of course he didn't fucking see it. Right. And he came in, and I was like, oh, shit, this is going to be fireworks. I just walked away. Hey, so there was a moment there that we didn't think about because on stage they do the cheers, you know. Kevin Hart probably heard about everything. A very much forced cheers where Bob Kraft was way more involved than Bill. Bob Kraft was certainly more excited to get that potentially over with. Oh yeah, say it was his decision. And Bill Belichick, remember he was just pouring his shot from a cup that was next to him wasn't even his real choice of drink so maybe that was part of it we've seen him order drinks before it is awesome it's not just taking anything that's not how that whole thing works so the whole thought that they had to meet up beforehand I didn't even think and then Andrew Schultz has come out now and said that there was a potential time where he was told no Robert Kraft happy ending jokes like hey we're so that whole moment between tom brady and jeff ross at the beginning when tom goes up and goes hey cut that shit or whatever i thought that was just a part of the bit like i thought that i still think that i still think that i know what schultz said i still think so okay i thought so too because why would tom brady at a roast do that? Choose that, though. Out of everything that was said, all of the horrible things that were said, that's the one you're going to – that's the hill you're going to die on and say this is what we can't touch? Yeah, like his family, like everything. There's been a lot of things. Yeah, there's a lot of other stuff. We might want to – That's Yeah, but we're just saying, like, that early in a roast, signing up for a roast, to go up into a microphone, too, when it's live, and be like, nah, don't do that anymore. I thought it was a work. I thought it was, okay, here we go, that's Tom Brady adding to the joke, you know, like, that's funny, you know, that whole thing. But Andrew Schultz came out and was like, no, we were told not to do this. And there's been multiple people now. I think Drew Bledsoe came out and was like, nah, I think Tom was actually telling Jeff Ross no. And then Schultz has said, I think that was potentially real because of what he was told going into it. Once again, Schultz slaughtered him. Yeah, exactly. And so did Jeff Ross. And Nikki Glaser, who will be joining us in less than an hour, she also crushed, as did Julian Edelman up there and Drew Bledsoe I mean, it was a magnificent night, but I'm starting to think that, yeah, Kraft said, I'll come. And then one of Kraft's people were like, hey, we understand what this is about. We would rather him sit in the back all night or if we put him out there, we know exactly what they're going to say the entire time. And they go, no, they won't do that. And then Ross in the open. Hey, how about that? And then thank you for what you do for the Jews, Rob. And then he just kind of keeps it moving on. It is wild to think that there was maybe a little disagreement. And also that there were some things that were said that you can't touch. Because after watching that, it felt like everything was covered for every human that was on the stage that night. Yeah, and it felt like Tom, at least for me, was more so like, hey, protecting Robert Kraft. He didn't want him to be one of the guys to get made fun of. There was a reason he wasn't sitting on the stage. Everyone on the stage felt like, hey, fair game. If you're out in the crowd minus Kim K, you're going to get called out. I don't see why any of these guys would lie about this. If Schultz says it, then why would he be saying that just because of the fact? It also makes more sense that Jeff Ross was the one to make the joke right off the bat. Hey, I'm going to get this out of the way. I'm going to take it upon myself as the roast master to say the joke that you were told not to say. And because it was so early in the night, hey, this is going to be forgotten about because of what is happening after. Well, I appreciate the fact that, you know, Jeff Ross was potentially told by somebody that isn't Tom Brady, hey, not allowed to joke about this, and not allowed to joke about this. Allegedly, Nick just told me that Nikki Glaser came out and said kids were also told can't do anything about kids, and no happy ending stuff for Robert Kraft, I think is what Schultz says. So Ross going, oh, is that right? Yeah, exactly. Oh, I can't. Oh, okay. Alright, if that's the case we're now the kids sure yeah it makes sense sure jeff ross like kids sure but like he's right there who am i if i yeah what if i don't i guess yeah tom could have been pissed but tom also could have been doing like the could be a little bit of both i can't yeah i don't know i guess i i i i could be real yeah he could have been pissed well not only pissed but like okay you know. You know, like, we get it. You did it. Way to go. They don't want every comedian to make some kind of creative happy ending. Yeah, that's why I'm sure he did it to get out of the way. Because I would have guessed that they were all talking. Like, if all of the actual comics up there, it would have been just like, hey, just let it eat like they craft would have got it real bad like he you know like it might not have been um like i mean maybe to the same effect as kim kardashian but like they all would have had grand slam shots at him and it would have just been one after the other after the other after the other and obviously i don't i don't think craft would have signed up for that allegedly uh kim kardashian booze were edited out of the re-Netflix release of The Greatest Roast of All Time, which was the number one show on Netflix for the last few days? That's what they TMZ reported that, so I assume it's true. They've got a lot of people that check their stuff. And did they get rid of the happy ending one as well? So I watched it the day after and both those were in there. I don't know if they muted the boos a little bit but like she still absolutely got booed you know post when it was live so the person that wrote that article either they changed it after you watch it the next day right or was like i remember these being much louder could have been yeah i remember this being much louder in the moment there was an interesting deus up there obviously you had a lot of new england patriots then you had these absolutely brilliant comedians just kind of saddled up next to each other. Okay, this is fun. When do I get to go up there and destroy people? Okay, I'll come back down. And then there were some Tampa Bay Buccaneers sitting in the second row on the right side. Perriman had, like, literally, he was in every single shot. Whether he laughed or not, it shot whether he laughed or not it was almost like a state of the union you know like uh when the president's in front and then you got the two people sitting over the shoulders i don't know who they are but they're the ones are like yep we're standing for that one yeah absolutely that was a good sentence holy shit that was a great sentence and we're sitting back down and then uh no no we're mad boo they're the ones that are literally puppeteering the rest of the entire operation on how we're going to react and inevitably the whole world seemingly on how we're going to react every single sentence that was kind of paramount for a little bit yeah there was a couple people that were doing the roasting and i don't know if he wasn't paying attention he got tired and he was like dead face behind him i'm like yeah i guess this guy not that funny a couple buccaneers up there this man was not though i wonder if he was invited i wonder what his thoughts were he was general manager of the bucks where they won super bowl alongside tom brady has been the general manager since 2014 i do believe he has the most total game started by a team's own first through fifth round picks since 2014 he is the general manager of the buccaneers jason light how are you pal what? What's up, fellas? Hey, quick question. Were you invited to the roast when you were watching that? Were you bummed out that you weren't there? Did you want an opportunity to maybe go up and cook some people? How'd you feel while watching the quarterbacks? Oh, no, Jason! Yeah, a little disappointed. Yeah, because maybe he knows that i know too much i don't know that's uh did you watch it i did i did and i mean if you want to breeze through this to get to nikki glazer i totally understand because i'm looking forward to seeing that too she's my new favorite she crushed i mean she absolutely yeah absolutely slaughtered the other night i mean it was real you know when i was watching i was wondering now my wife can talk some shit now with the best of them, but can you imagine if Nikki's your spouse? I mean, the shit you'd have to take every night. Oh, my God. You're getting cooked. She has a 10-year boyfriend, and she said that she would shoot in the head for a lottery ticket for an opportunity to potentially do things with Tom Brady. It's like that guy just every night. How'd today go? How'd today go for you? Just go ahead, murder. Oh, shut up. Dude, my wife, big fan of hers. That was like really my first full introduction to Nikki Glaser. I cannot wait to chat with her. I'm a massive fan. New special coming out this weekend. Let's talk about you. So right now, NFC South, okay? You guys have same ownership group, obviously, same GM, same head coach, same quarterback, same all-pro weapon on the offensive side of wide receiver. Majority of the defense back not favored in the NFC South to win going into the season. The Atlanta Falcons are new head coach, obviously, two new quarterbacks, everything that's gone on up there are you guys using that and how do you feel about how teams are judged at this particular time before training camp starts when we don't really know jack shit about anything jason yeah you know we're kind of used to it i sometimes feel like down here in tampa we're in witness protection um we we i don't want to say we get shit on, but there's just kind of a lack of respect. You can go on, like, Levante David, I think, is a Hall of Fame type player. He doesn't get as enough credit as he should. Mike Evans just recently started getting talked about as a future Hall of Famer. So we're used to it, but you kind of use it as ammo. It's embedded in the DNA of this team. It used to it, but you kind of use it as ammo. It's embedded in the DNA of this team. It's like we have a quarterback right now that's got a huge chip on his shoulder and always will and uses that in his play style and the whole team takes after it. I'm excited. When I see somebody dissing us and saying that we're not going to win it, I love keeping receipts. I hate to admit it. I do. I'm just going to be honest. I love it. It's a passion of mine now. It's a pastime of my family. They shoot me texts. This person said this, this, this. You know, it's all in fun, but it's been driving us. Yeah. Pettiness is a real motivator for a lot of people that are at the top of a lot of professions. And we saw you run into that guy at the combine where you're like, man, nice to meet you. I've had your face in my office for what you said we were going to win four games or something like that. Two. Two games, yeah, even worse. That was a magical moment. Now he probably shit his pants in that just saying, I was just doing my thing. But I appreciated that out of you it felt real which I think is why your team loves you and why you and Baker have seemingly got along so well go ahead AJ you mentioned Baker and kind of his mentality and the chip on his shoulder now he comes to Tampa and I think kind of like revives his career and looks amazing was there any chance you were going to let him get away he feels like what he's doing obviously on the field but obviously I think outside of that like the locker, we hear about all the stuff where he's bringing people together and the whole team kind of rallies around him. What was it like getting him re-signed and how important was that? It was – this year we had a lot of guys that were paramount to bring him back. It was – I really had a lot of sleepless nights. We had him – we had to have him. We had to have Mike back. We had to have him. We had to have Mike back. We had to have Levante back, in my opinion, and the opinion of everybody here, too. So that was super important. You know, not many quarterbacks would be willing to walk into the situation where you have the greatest of all time, Tom Brady, leave. And there's no doubt about that, that he was the greatest of all time. But a quarterback to come in and be secure with himself and confident that he can, that he can lead this team to wins. And he circled us, you know, I'm going there because I like that team and this is where I'm going to revive my career. So, and then that's exactly what he did. It was, you know, very early, he had a pretty good competition there in training camp with Kyle Trask and then kind of separated himself there at the end and won the team over. Yeah, and at the beginning of the season, you guys were red hot. I mean, it kind of came out of nowhere. Bakes playing fantastic. This is the team that has a little bit of a lull, and then obviously as we move forward, we bring back a lot of pillar pieces. One person you do lose, though, in seemingly a massive way here. you do lose though in seemingly a massive way here ty has a question for you jason yeah speaking of bacon everything i mean obviously he has arguably the best season of his career with canalis and then that kind of affords him the opportunity to go get the carolina job but with a new oc coming in is there an expectation that there's going to be like a little bit of a learning curve uh with bake i mean or is he kind of going to be doing a lot of the same stuff that he was doing last year with canalis like how do you see that that process going with a new offensive coordinator coming in well that was one of the things that we liked about liam uh coming from la when baker was there um it's it's kind of related offense you know it's a lot of the same terminology and things like that and baker was very excited about that and also excited about the fact that we hired Liam because they had a good connection there. But, you know, Liam's got to, you know, under that McVay system, they very quickly, overnight basically, or within a matter of a few hours, got Baker up to speed and he won that game on Monday night. So he's, it was Thursday night, whatever it was. Thursday, yeah. Yeah, so he's, I don't think it's going to be as daunting as it would with a normal offensive coordinator change. I think this is something Baker was very excited about. This is also something that he said that he understands the system. Liam thought that Baker would come in quickly and get it. And by all accounts right now during OTAs, it seems to be seamless. Well, this isn't OTAs, Jason. This is off-season conditioning program phase two. All right. I'm sorry. Yeah. During the conditioning, it seems like he's picked it up pretty quick. Hey, we just learned this yesterday. I think it was yesterday or the day before. We were all flustered because everything in the off-season is Os. Like that's just how we've kind of learned it as. Then there's mandatory minicamp at the end of OTAs. We're off doing rookie minicamp and then everything else is OTAs. Now there's a whole new name, Jay. You should have known that, I guess. We definitely did not until literally yesterday. It was a whole thing. I think you'd be surprised at how little I know about a lot of things. What What do you just say? We're staying, we're locked in. That's what you have to be. I mean, as a general manager, there's only 32 of those jobs. Everybody wants that job in football. You have to be incredibly great at it or you're going to lose your job. Are you a film guy? Are you a work the phones guy? What does normal day look like for you? And how do you think you go about doing your job? Well, fortunately, I have awesome people working for me. I mean, we have so much stability here. I've been here going into my 11th year. I've got some people that have been with me the entire time. And then you guys have talked to Mike Greenberg. He's big brain. And that's not me. I just have big head. I don't have big brain. No, no, same, same, same. That means the same thing. That means the same thing that means the same thing big head big brain big head big brain i've been all right all right so i've got a lot of great people here but i try to do i try to do as much film as i can because i learned quickly here there's i've been here so 10 years the first five years we've had a lot of downs and then the last five years have been mostly ups and um the first five years i tried to do too much and you find out when you get this GM job. I was a road scout for most of my career. That the job entails a lot more than just watching film. So, I mean, when they dump budgets and salary cap things. And where do you want people to park on game day? I'm like, Jesus Christ, this is not what I signed up for. So, you have to hire good people that handle all of that stuff. So the best thing, I love the draft. I love watching tape. It's like a drug for me. So as much film as I can watch, the better. Well, we appreciate the fact that you're a football guy running a team. You know, because there is a lot of analytics, big brain people. We saw that on the boat parade. As soon as we saw this photo, we're like, yup, we like that guy. We reached this photo we're like yep we like we like that guy we we like we reached out to aq immediately we're like uh hey gm chugging beer alongside ba in a boat after winning the super bowl good dude aq's like yes great dude you would love everything about him so just know that uh we appreciate that as football meatheads that you're also a football guy doing your thing and having greenberg alongside you like one of the original salary cap gurus and salary cap gymnasts that we've had to have now in this modern NFL it's been beautiful to watch you guys not only transition from Jameis right which was big decision that had to be made obviously had to be made then you get to Tom holy hell how'd you get Tom they're seemingly multiple teams awarded Tom he's having meetings with like Jeter and Bill Gates and everybody in town they're building Tampa Bay a whole plaza down there I mean the way you guys still still unbelievable still unbelievable during COVID of all things too so just unbelievable yeah the fact that you were able to pull that and then now we got a whole new era it's like football guys doing it we appreciate that we appreciate that now you said you love the draft let's talk about the draft go ahead comment yeah jason you guys took graham barton in the first round and by all accounts he is a junkyard dog what are your guys plans with him is he one of those guys you can move around obviously on the offensive line and then were there any opportunities during the draft where you were close or maybe thought about moving up, moving back? Were any of those situations come up or no? Well, first of all, we took him. We think we're going to put him at center. So we're going to put him at center, see how that goes during OTA's training camp. You know, that's a daunting task in itself sometimes. But, you know, to move a guy from left tackle to center, it's been done several times but he did play his entire freshman year um it was a covid year but his entire freshman year at center and did a hell of a job so that's where we're going to put him now the good thing about him is we think he's versatile um that he can play guard shoot he played tackle pretty damn well in the acc too so um he's pretty versatile but he was the guy that we targeted we wanted um we felt there was a 50 50 chance he'd be there for us so around pick 20 with pittsburgh i started to get a little nervous the guys in the draft room could tell i was starting to get a little sweaty palms sweaty armpits and that happens you know all the time 24 7 anyway but they could tell a little extra yeah football guy and uh yeah we get so i just i just somehow i have no idea this is the first time I've never did a trade in the draft. So somehow I just stayed patient, you know, did a little of this and then he came to us. So as soon as we got him, that's why we were very pumped up that we got him. It was sometimes you just have to sit and wait. And then that way I didn't have to get rid of any other picks, which we needed desperately this year. Hey, congratulations on the patience. It's a virtue, they say. It's a virtue. But, boy, if you lose your guy, all of a sudden patience is an asshole. Not just a virtue in that entire thing. Go ahead. Yeah, well, then we just take somebody else and tell everybody that's the guy we wanted the whole time. Hey, that's football, baby. That's football, baby. Go ahead, AJ. Jason, we know you're a film guy, a film junkie. I'd like your opinion on some of these behind-the-scenes videos we see pop up from GMs in their war rooms. You'll see them. Sometimes they're not on the main phone, not on the landline. They're on their cell phone. Do you study these films, too, these behind-the-scenes of the other GMs to try to see what they may be doing to try to trick you into doing something in the future? You know what? I haven't. You gave me a good idea here. This is what I'm going to do in the next few days. Appreciate it. I hate looking at myself, though. I hate looking at myself, so maybe I need to study myself a little more. I was chomping that gum like a New Orleans Saint. Mickey, you saw Mickey. Mickey, you can't be doing that in a microphone. I mean, just in 2024, that cannot happen. He said a lot of words. Nobody heard shit. All we heard was that chomping of the gum. Now, as long as you're not in front of a microphone, I think it's okay. So you're good. You're in a good spot, I think. I love Mickey, so I didn't mean any disrespect. Yeah, we do too. If you're willing to do that into a microphone, we assume that the moxie that you walk around with on a daily basis is one that we would respect. But with that being said, thank you for not doing it on this program. Yeah, seriously. Yeah, thank you for that, Jason. How do you feel about all the social media shit, though, that's coming out of the draft? The content-driven NFL, not just the draft but as a whole, it feels like a lot more, like everybody is doing hard knocks basically all year round. Do you feel that? Absolutely. I think it's just the age we're in right now. It's, you know, after the draft, you bring in your first-round pick the next day, and you have a little moment with them in your office, the head coach does in his office, and now when they come in, there's a crew of camera people coming in too. So it was weird for me for a while, but the kids are just so used to it. And I'm not trying to sound like an old man here when I am an old man, but they're just so used to it. So this year, I didn't want to be that antiquated old fart that, no, we keep everything, got to keep everything secretive. So I allowed them to have full access to our draft meetings, to the combine meetings during the draft. And I saw the content that gets put out, and the fans love it. I know my kids love it. My family loves it. The fans love it, the behind-the-scenes stuff. So I think it's all part of the thing. I mean, you have to realize, yeah, we're football people. We're picking players. That's our job, signing players. But really, we're part of a big show. And the goal is to put on a great performance out there at the stadium every week. And our job is to put the talent out there. But we're part of a bigger thing. And we need to get fans involved and fans excited. I love the content. The bigger show you're a part of is the only one that's doing this too, like seemingly more than every other sport. The NFL is crushing, and I do think the access is helping bring in a whole new demographic that lives there, but that's a lot of trust by you to the social media team too, right? I mean, that shit could, like what AJ said, there's some videos we watch and we're like, ooh, just got some, I don't want to say some information on somebody, but the way somebody maybe handles deals, we just watch them operate. But there's no way the social media or digital person is thinking, yeah, we're exposing a little bit of leverage potentially that somebody's doing. That's a big relationship there. Legitimately, that's a very crucial one, seemingly. Right. I may think now Monty Austinport's full of shit now. You know, we've got to do a deal shit now. Bingo! We'll just call this, make this up. We've got to do this whole thing. I know you guys got that Jimmy Johnson trade card on draft night, but you can see somebody like, nah, we don't want to do that. Let alone the let's ride thing that happened with Russell. There's just so many things where the social media team and the team have to be on the same page, and I'm excited we're in the era where it seems like they are. Now, same page, how about on defense aside? Tone has a question for you, Jason. Yeah, Jason, Antoine Winfield Jr. had one of the best safety seasons last year, just all around interceptions, forced fumbles, tackles, everything, all over the place. You guys tagged him. He does not have a deal done yet. Are you guys still working on getting a deal done before the season and where do you stand with uh antoine we are we're still working on it um right now crossing our fingers i think there's some positive movement um i don't know when that's going to come um you know it takes two sides and and and they're being totally fair we think we're being fair so he wants to be here we want him those things usually works out and uh i i'm fairly positive about where things are going with that. He's a hell of a player. I think he keeps on this trajectory. He's also somebody that could be mentioned Hall of Fame worthy and I'm not afraid to admit that and I don't think it's going to hurt negotiations. I've been up front with them the whole time. He's the best safety in the league, should be paid like it. Yeah, literally since year one, seemingly, just coming in and showing up big for you guys. I like to hear what you just said. Hey, that was awesome. Congrats, Antoine. Yeah, yeah. And congrats to the Bucs, seemingly. Now, this is maybe a week, two weeks. What's the deadline for tag players to get a deal done? It's mid-July, July 14th I'm on vacation there, and that's the last thing I want to do is walk around on the beach with my kids. My wife actually has us hike in Montrepechu. I don't know if they have cell reception there, so I want to get this done before we leave. Okay, hold on. So congrats, Antoine. I can't wait to hear the deal announced early July. We're probably going to be off as well at that time. Congrats now. Congrats now. We like to give you we like to give you a congrats celebrate america wimbledon's on there's a there's a lot of there so when you do trips you you do like we're going hiking we're doing machu picchu or you like a beach guy because you live at the beach i guess all the time so that's not the what is the the angle so we do so when i work for belichick um one of the you know when you work for bill you those very those few moments that you get alone with him are so special because what we saw at the roast, that Bill, that's him in real life. But the seven years, let's say, I've had those moments 20, 25 times with him. One of the first ones that he had with me is he said, hey, you've got a chance to be a general manager. Just remember when you do get that job, just go go one place at least one place every summer that you're going to go so your kids have stability at least knowing they're going one place because you're going to have to move around you'll get fired you'll change jobs all those things which has happened so we we picked this spot out in block island it's a little island off the coast of rhode island um it's pretty close to montauk you know it's out there about 11 miles. We go there every summer for about three weeks, but before that we go there, my wife plans year-round a couple weeks or a week and a half, whatever it is, that we go before that. We do something different. She's trying to get the kids' experiences. We're going to do Galapagos Islands, and then we're going to do Machu Picchu. There's a three-day hike up Machu Picchu. We're taking a luxury train to about an hour away, and then we're hiking an hour. Got it, got it. Smart, smart, smart, smart. You've earned that. The Guapos, they got big turtles down there. Isn't that a big turtle town? Watch it. They're racist, Jason. Do you know this? They're racist. I know, I know. We've got to watch it seen from these racist turtles? Have you seen the clips from our show about this? I heard about it. I heard about it. Jason? It's damning evidence. This is a matter of fact. They're scared of black, they said, right? Isn't that their explanation? Dangerous and scared, so it forces them to attack. It's like, wait a minute. So they're even more racist than we thought. They're the most. They're not just a docile racist bunch. We need to get out. Look at this. Did you know turtles could do that, Jason? I had no idea. White, okay, you're good. Sorry about that, sir. No problem. No problem. Watch those in the Galapagos, pal, because they're a little bit bigger. They are bigger, yeah. No problems. Nothing to see here. All right. Look hell right now he said i hate everything which one gets it the most this one this one's awful boom anyways watch yourself in galapagos jason seriously we need to get rid of turtles that's for sure yes amen bring back you said bring back straws that's what we're learning you know hey tampa's a beautiful place obviously you've done a wonderful job keep going I can't believe you guys are in favor down there with all the continuity. You know what I mean, with all the continuity? But it sounds like you love that, and your pettiness level is extraordinary. So just know that we appreciate the hell out of you, and there is a question from Ty about a former player for the Bucs. Yeah, Jason, I know obviously, hey, listen, players, draft, Jason, I know obviously, hey, listen, players, draft, you know, you have a lot of stuff you have to do in the offseason and during the season, but how much time would you say, like, out of the year are you spending trying to coerce A.Q. Shipley out of retirement and to come back into the building and be your offensive line coach? Obviously, no disrespect to who your current offensive line coach is, but how often are you – Maybe assistant general manager. Yeah, maybe. offensive line coaches, but how often are you... Maybe assistant general manager. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. How often are you, you know, kind of hammering the phones, being like, hey, AQ, listen, something's just not right. Something's missing with you not in the building. Well, let's, before we make him assistant general manager, I have two good ones. How about assistant to the regional manager or whatever? Assistant to the general manager. He would love it. He the general manager. He would love it. He'd be the best ever assistant to the regional manager. Oh my god. Yeah, he'd be the best. As a player though, oh my god, that year, 2020, I mean, you can eat soup off the top of his head. He can't even get his own wallet out of his pants because his arms are 20 inches. But I have no idea how that guy became the player that he was. I'll tell you why. He's tough as hell and smart as hell. He was so fun to have. I mean, I talked to him every day at practice. He was an assistant to the general manager. And just have him sit here in my office at one of these chairs all day, kind of like Ed McMahon to Johnny Carson. Just sit here. After hours, we can have a drink. I mean, that would be great. A lot of them. You know, he's not scared to go fix your printer if you need it. Obviously, this came from the years he was assistant to the assistant to the offensive line coach for you guys down there. After his career was ended out of nowhere in the middle of nowhere. Out of nowhere. That was a devastating day for him. But we share the same exact beliefs about A.Q. Shipley. None of us understand how he made it in the NFL that long. None of us understand. He's in the high school Hall of Fame for Western Pennsylvania for basketball. He was a Hall of Fame basketball player, Jace. That is that bald man you're talking about right there. And when he's around, vibes are always immaculate. So it makes sense. Now he's in basements. Yeah, now he's wrestling with billionaires in basements. So Jace, you might need to save him. Yeah, exactly. But, hey, man, I've always thought if he ever got into – well, he wasn't coaching here, but he left. If he took it serious, which he did, but if he wanted to keep doing it, I think he's going to be a head coach. I do. I think he's a great leader. He's sharp. He thinks quick on his feet. He just has short arms. You don't need long arms to be a head coach. Right? Yep. Yeah, exactly. That's all. Yep. Or just keep it in your room. Well, even Tyrannosaurus Rex can. Yeah, can get up there. They can blow a whistle. Yeah. You know what I mean? I think they're probably the best whistleblowers out of all the dinosaurs. Everybody mocks their arms, but if we're doing whistleblowing, T-Rex is the thing. That's AQ's bill allegedly, Boeing had to kill all the T-Rexes. Oh, no. All right. Knew that was coming. I hear a whistle blow. Jason, we appreciate you so much. Thank you so much for joining us, and thank you for giving back to future coaches in football. We learned about what you're doing this week down there in Tampa Bay with the National Coaching Academy, where they got in on Monday. They'll be going through a bunch of programs and meetings all week. And then this weekend, they coach alongside the Tampa Bay Buccaneers coaches during Rookie Minicamp. Then five of them will get offered opportunities to coach throughout the entirety of training camp with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. You're really giving back to the football community, to the coaching community, and to, you know, society as a whole here. This is pretty dope. This is sweet this is sweet jason this is incredible uh it's it's it's been unbelievable so far they've been here all week it was it was a little bit of a vision of our owner darcy uh blazer casowitz she was just in conversations about how it works the minority bill wash minority program works uh how we choose the coaches that we do that every year with and she's like why not broaden the opportunity, widen the net nationally, which has turned out to internationally, to give other people opportunities. And we've got a coach from Brazil, from Denmark, from Germany, and then from high school. I mean, there could be a coach at Loris College or Fairmont State that's better than the coach at the top SEC program. So, I mean, up-and-coming coaches. So, it's been cool to talk to all these people. And they get to sit in meetings with the players, the coaches. We had panels with Rondé and Tony Dungy and Bruce Arians. And I think he dropped only seven F-bombs. Really? That's it. Myself and Todd and the scouts. It's been great. It's been great. All right. Well, it's a perfect time to do it, you know, because things do matter. There's things happening. But also, we can maybe look ahead and help the future of football. It's beautiful. We appreciate the hell out of you, Jason. You're doing it right down there. Appreciate you guys. I see Pat, I think he could have been our COVID kicker. We came pretty close. It really did, didn't it? I don't know, because Bruce was texting me, so I don't know how much you guys are talking. From my angle, this is how this went. I got tested for those antibodies. If I would have had the antibodies, I wouldn't have had to do the 10-day hotel stay, and I would have been on thes right against the Falcons that week that it all ended up happening. And then I would have had to do nothing because Suckup and Pinion, I think, came back that weekend. So I would have just been on the roster. Then you guys went to Super Bowl. I get Super Bowl ring, technically. You'd be at the party. You'd be on the boat parade, which was the greatest day of my life. Oh, no. Yeah, a little, my wife. And I looked at, you know, all these people are in the bridges. They're just overflowing and just bursting at the seams to get out after COVID and do things. And I said, this is the greatest day of my life. Besides the day we got married and we had kids. And she said, no, it's fucking better than those days. That's awesome. That's why you log all those hours you know that's why you get 25 opportunities to chat with bill over seven years that's why you watch all the film is for that boat parade for a city to come together whenever it's been separated for so long to celebrate something awesome and if uh we would have treated covid a little bit worse around our office yeah with our social distancing and our mask wearing and washing our hands for a full ABCs. Not looking at each other. Bingo. Not making eye contact there for a bit. Making burgers every day. Bingo. Apoc burgers. Not touching cardboard that was delivered for two, three days. Wearing goggles. If I would have got COVID, I would have had to end on it. We would have been tossing the trophy to you. Over boat to boat. You would have been one of the trophy tossers. Or you would have been tossed into the water. One or the other. There's turtles in that water wherever the manatees down there. Yeah, there's a chance I'm ending up in there. Hey, I appreciate the hell out of you for joining us. And thanks for almost having the opportunity for me to potentially win a Super Bowl ring for doing nothing. That would have been awesome. That would have been great. Alright, thanks guys. Alright, thanks Jason. See you Jason. Jason Light. Best day of his life. I wouldn't have earned it. But I would have at least been there. With the white boat sign. Yeah, this is the best day. Dude, we watched that boat parade and at that time with everything that was going on in the world, it was like, look how much fun these people are having. Holy shit, I didn't know you were allowed to do that. I didn't know fun was allowed to happen again. And then it was taking place right in front of our eyes. That COVID thing, real deal though about meat. That's why. So if you had antibodies, then it put you in a different protocol? Yes. So I had to get tested for the antibodies. If you have the antibodies, that means you probably you already had covid so you if you're vaxxed and you have the antibodies you didn't have to go into a hotel for isolation for seven to eight days to go work out for a team remember that was the case if you want to go work out for a team you had to go into a hotel for like a week and he'd be isolated like when aq went and joined uh the tampa bay buccaneers he was in a hotel in tampa bay his wife's got uh three kids at the time. He's in a hotel all by himself for however many days it was because he hated it so bad. I mean, I would assume everybody. What if you had to do that workout? Don't make team. So then just waste of time. Then you have to go. A lot of guys did that. I'm sure it happened to a lot of guys, right? True isolation, too. Like you're not leaving your hotel room. It's you're getting in there and you're staying in there for eight days they're sliding the i forget how many days it was exactly but they're sliding like the ipad under the under the door like their food is getting left basically at the front door like yeah we aren't even coming close to messing with this you're not ruining our season pal that's not how this is going to go with everything we got going on but if you had the antibodies i do believe you were able to it was maybe only like a two-day or a three-day as opposed to whatever it was. And it was like, so I tested myself at the old office. And it was like a four-minute or five-minute wait or something. I'm just walking around like, am I playing in the NFL this week? Because their kicker and their punter was out. So kicker and punter out. Bruce Arians was on the Colts. He said, see me kick field goals and punt like oh and Clyde Christensen was down there and Goody was down there and there was a bunch of people that were like front Tom Moore was down there like a bunch of people from the Colts are like oh yeah just if he's got the antibodies he can just do both of them and then we can either just go for it on fourth if he's bad or we just kind of nope this is an easy answer here we got a guy so I get a text literally like hey do you have the antibodies or not and i'm like excuse me and then i do the test and it's like five minutes i'm walking back like i'm playing for the i'm playing for the buccaneers being tom brady teammates this weekend all right sweet and i look at i don't have the antibodies i'm like too good too good yeah yeah truly too good so i'd send back the take so sorry about it could you imagine me going down there going 0 for 4 on field goals. Three punts for an average of 27 yards. What if you go 4 for 4? Well, I would have got myself to that mindset before the game started, obviously. We just chatted with J.J. Watt yesterday. I would have got myself to, like, yeah, we're about to destroy balls out here. If you rip every muscle in your leg, who cares? This is just a one Sunday deal, and then we move on. So I would have got there, but there is certainly a chance that there's – Maybe a trick play for a touchdown too. I mean, yeah. So me snagging a touchdown. I mean, it could have been a great Sunday. It could have been a completely worse Sunday. You might play offense. You may play tight end in the red zone package or something. Tom throws you a touchdown. Well, especially – I mean, I could spend – He was my quarterback coach whenever we were in Indianapolis. Frank Reich and Clyde Christensen were my quarterback coaches. So he would have been like, hey, the guy kind of spent it right. I haven't seen him in a couple years, but imagine we have two fake punts. Suck up and pinion. The actual specials would be so pissed. So you're telling me Pat comes in and he does both jobs, and then you run five fakes, and then what do we get to do? Nothing? Comes in here, does both jobs, and then you run five fakes. And then what do we get to do? Nothing. We sit in a hotel there. Sorry. Nonetheless, I'm going to go to Super Bowl ring. Pretty sure they didn't punt that game either. I don't know why that is the thought, but I believe on that Monday it was like, well, I wouldn't have even had to punt either. Yeah. Too good of COVID, though. Yeah. Too good. Follow protocol around here. We're too good at COVID. Sorry, we took it seriously. Follow the rules. People don't take that. That's not normally the conversation about us and COVID. No, it doesn't get talked about. Lost out on a ring? Yeah. That thing would be sitting right here. Yeah, it would be. Right here. Probably right on Cartman's head. No, next to Cartman. Oh, Jesus. It's not him. Watch your mouth. He's got his own rings. Yeah, well. They're in his hands. I didn't really. Yeah, there's Jesus. You can barely see him. All right. Let's stay in the NFL as we wrap up on this glorious hour on ESPN on Mother's Day is Sunday, Thursday. Mother's Day is Sunday, AJ. Yes, it is. Yeah. I was made aware of that yesterday So I obviously knew because I'd looked on the calendar a couple months ago and I'd been planning as AJ had been too, but he was reminded from all his pre-planning that showed up yesterday that Mother's Day is on Sunday. Just like the boys here. Of course. All right, let's make sure we've already handled all this. But if we haven't, we got some time. We got a few days here. I don't want to be a sexist, but men, not great at this. Very bad. Not great at this particular thing. We got three days. Let's make it awesome. Happy Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day, everybody. I'm pretty pumped about what we did. Very pumped. I mean, I got mine last month because you said, hey, don't forget, Mother's Day is coming up two months from now. Boom. And we're going to have Mother's Day is next month to Sundays. Yeah, the Masters weekend. Last week. Yeah, but since we were off. Last month. Yeah. Yeah, so we couldn't do it then. We're doing it now. Yeah. Happy Mother's Day, and thank you to all of you that did birth. Mm-hmm. Shout out. Absolutely. Good for you. There's a lot that goes into that. Holy shit. I mean, let alone the raising and the whole thing. Oh, no, I'm just talking just the childbirth from inception until that thing comes out. How about just like organs moving and body? I can't breathe much. Well, that's because your kidney's behind your lung. Yeah, yeah, you're going to find out you're about half breath. What do you mean? Yeah, I just kind of picked up at shit and moved. Why is that? Well, there's an alien growing inside. And then all your other stuff is moving as well. Well, I'm really uncomfortable. Yeah, that's because there is a human inside of you right now. It's hard to walk. Yeah, you're going to have to waddle. Yeah, that's you. The way it goes. Well, I'm incredibly sick. I can't like no lights, no smell, no sound. Like it's like real. There's nothing I can do. Yeah. Yeah. I could grab. Here's a bucket. Yeah, exactly. So let's make sure we enjoy and celebrate Mother's Day. Shout out to all of the women that have given birth. Now, Buffalo Bill's new stadium models come out and it's obviously a small figure and it's kind of, this thing looks super cool. I'm going to say it. Okay? I'm going to say it. Now, I think it is dumb that they don't have a retractable roof that they could just leave open for the locals, but a retractable roof that could, you know, get them a Super Bowl maybe. If you have a roof there, there's a chance, you know, maybe a Super Bowl comes to town. But I understand football in Buffalo is different. We don't want a roof. I get it. Could leave it open. But I completely understand how and why you want to build what you want to build. Looks beautiful. And I love the fact that Buffalo is, you know, going to have football for seemingly the next 30, 40 years. Because we've seen crazier things happen in football cities. If they can't get a new stadium all of a sudden they get a little start snooping around and then boom team leaves happy that the great bills mafia has this is their next cathedral aj it looks really good honestly you're like what do you think a retractable ruth to add that would be a billion dollars like what is i have no clue yeah i've no billion i i don't remember the exact amount that the colts had that they added, but it's been rubbed in my face before because I've said, let's keep this son of a bitch closed. And then they said, City paid an insane amount of money for that roof to open. They're going to open. We're going to open that roof. That's how it's going to go. But I feel like that would help with a Super Bowl, which I thought every team got if they built a new stadium. But now are they going to do it in Buffalo in February? I don't think so. You know, it's like an interesting dynamic because I love what they're doing. I appreciate what they're doing. But one big plus to building a new stadium is getting the Super Bowl to come to your city, which is going to bring, obviously, hundreds of millions of dollars, if not billions of dollars, into town. So, interesting stuff, but it's going to be cool. Yeah, you want your fans to be happy and everything, and getting a new stadium is obviously cool for the surrounding area and all the fans, but I just assume that the entire onus behind building a new stadium was to get a Super Bowl to bring all that extra revenue into the city. And maybe the NFL will bring a Super Bowl there, just like they did to New Jersey, to MetLife, maybe that's the case, but boy, everybody will bitch. It'll be a loud bitch job if that happens. Everybody's bitching. Everybody. Teams that are in there are not happy. Obviously, fans that are traveling there are not happy. I would assume onlookers, because remember, what if they have that shuttle situation that happens, which is possible in Buffalo. That's the way the weather works. Overnight. But we love Buffalo. We love Bill's Mafia. We think it looks incredibly cool. And then Bison better be massive. Don't hold your breath. Amen, brother. You can hold your breath until tomorrow's show, though, if you want. It'll be in about 22 hours. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life as we wrap up here on ESPN. Continue on YouTube, ESPN Plus, and TikTok. We'll see you tomorrow. Goodbye! What a send-off right there. With the raise of the voice. That was like real send. Yeah, fluctuation. Yeah. Journalism school they're teaching at. Of course. And the prompter, the letters are going like Syracuse? Syracuse? Syracuse Northwestern. New Haas School of Journalism. When you're reading that prompter, it'll go like this because that's a send, you see. Have I ever teleprompted? Yeah, for one of the... We've had a couple reads that I've had hit spot on for like WWE. Where it's like a script or whatever for a video they'd like to make i'm not a good reader i'm not like when i see people doing the teleprompter i'm almost more impressed yeah because like i don't know how you maintain wow like you know what i mean that's that'd be that's it's easy to get lost it's definitely easy to get lost you got to trust there's someone you know working it that's trying to go off of your pace and everything. They can mess you up for sure. Because I'll see people deliver these magical things. And it's like, okay, they were reading that. And then in my head, I'm like, what a fucking great reader. How did they do that? What a natural reader. Yeah. They can seem like they're not reading. Yeah. Let alone writer. wrote it obviously but like the reading of it too phenomenal yeah i don't know if i got that in me so you know like nick cannon not in real life but in that right you know drum line can't can't read the music and hear it i'm like what about reading jokes could you read jokes like if you were at a roast like they all you know they all had prompters and they were going off and on yeah so that would be like the the upfront thing where like yeah i can't like it's like, it's just not, you know what I mean? It doesn't seem natural. Yeah. Like the ESPYs, there's a teleprompter back there. It's like, I didn't give them anything. Like that's none of my stuff up there. And then they're like, search, you see them. One of the fun little game for me at these telepr by somebody that wasn't me. And it's like... He's going off script. He's going off script. I don't see it here. They've gone red. Like, I've gotten a light like I'm in a stand-up comedy club numerous times on these teleprompters. It's awesome. Where is he? I can't find him. He's got to be... Give him the light. Give him the light. Get him out of here what are you i'm nowhere near done right now so i'm gonna you can stop flashing that light at me i am not done yet i am so sorry i mean we can edit right now if you want it's gonna be a bad ending i guess i'm gonna come around i'm gonna bring it right so i am impressed by the people that can read and do that whole thing we're just not one of them but i bet you that's a big part of it is becoming a natural fucking reader yeah just knowing when like those moments are in the entire thing too. Let's get out of here. Let's go to the bathroom and on the other side we got a fucking genius. Yep. Hey, that was one of the most impressive things I've seen. Just walking right up there. You know? Incredible. Lion's Den too. Yeah. A lot of heavy hitters. And then her doing the, yeah, I grew up in a trailer park. There's going to be a lot of conversation about what I do and what I swallow. And then just, yeah. Now I'm going to kill all of you. Murdering. It was awesome. All right, be a friend, tell a friend something nice about Change Your Life. Nikki Glaser on the other side. Take five! Five! Five! Bree, did you know you would be good in front office did you know that this was going to be something you would succeed at i didn't know i'd be good at i didn't even know i'd be doing it it's an interesting story as to how i ended up here i asked myself that often way back when i was a kid i did love like the nfl draft my dad used to pull me out of school out of half day he'd come pick me up at lunch we'd go watch the draft so i. Throughout my career, I'd piss my wife off by not only watching round one through three, but then watching round seven. And I'm filling out sheets. And I think the thing that probably piqued my interest, I was living in Denver. After I got done playing there, I'd become friendly with Elway. We played some golf together. And he looked out for me. We had the same high school coach. We went to Stanford, played football, baseball, same fraternity. That was like the poster on my wall. But Elway took the leap at the Broncos. And in his first year, he said, Johnny, I'm keeping a lot of the scouts, but I don't know them. I love the way you think about football. Could you watch the safeties this year and write some reports? And so I did that for him. Remember, it was the year of like Mark Barron and Harrison Smith. And of pride and I had no idea how scouts did things but I just watched it like I would watch film and I sat there at the computer and wrote some reports and Elway was blown away with like the detail if I'm gonna do something I'm gonna do it right the next year he says that was awesome Johnny why don't you do the DBs so I did the entire DBs I added the corners the next year he invites me in for their draft process there's a lot of work it was a lot of time I went went to Indy. I went to the Combine with the Broncos that year. So that started piquing my interest. Long after that, there was a guy who ended up bidding for the Carolina Panthers. And he didn't get the team. Tepper got it. But there was another gentleman by the name of Ben Navarro. And I worked with his brother at Fox. And he one time asked if he could meet with me. And out of the blue asked me if I would run his team if he got the Panthers and I said really are you serious and he asked me to kind of put together a vision statement for how I would run a team and so I spent a couple weeks doing that I met with him and from that point forward I kind of just said if the right scenario ever came about this might be something I want to do I was missing like competition I was missing scoreboard I was missing the wins the losses all of that out of nowhere something was keeping me up at night one year I didn't even know what it was and my wife said something's on your mind I know you when you're when you're acting like this you can't sleep and I had done a bunch of Falcon games that year and Kyle Shanahan was the offensive coordinator the year they went to the Super Bowl against the Patriots and I heard something like Kyle Shanahan's gonna get this Niners job and that's the one he wants but somebody said he's struggling to find a gm he wants to work with and so something was on my mind i had done a bunch of kyle's games that year and i gave him a cold call and i just said hey dude i want to thank you for all the time you've given me all year in these production meetings i heard something that you're struggling to find a gm and he goes i am man it's killing me i think i am going to take that niner's job and he, why are you asking? And I said, well, consider me. I don't even know if I'd do it, but just think about that and see what you think. And his first question, he's like, dude, why would you do that? You got a great job. You got a great life. Like, why would you even consider doing that? I said, you go play your games. He did. He called back and he said, man, I can't stop thinking about what cross country to Atlanta. I was offered the job on that flight. We meet with Kyle and the whole thing's wrapped up. I hadn't even talked to my wife or family yet. It all moved kind of fast. And here we are eight years later. So sorry for the long story. No, no, no, no. I'm hoping we get three or four more of those. That phenomenal hey thank you for blessing us with that information and also shout out to you being somebody taking initiative and being like you know what yeah this is something i want and diving right in and being prepared and knowing that you're probably the most interesting trade was the randy moss trade after the draft the first day of the draft we've been trying to trade for random wants for two months all like childbirth i mean it's forever after the first day of the draft i talked to mr Mr. Davis. I said, are we going to make this deal or not? And he said, yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it for your fourth. And I think we were picking like seventh in the fourth round. I said, well, we've got to get the guy in for a physical. We can't take his contract. We're going to have to renegotiate his contract. And Mr. Davis said, well, that's your problem. Randy hey Randy this is coach Belichick boom hangs up the phone what let me try this again Randy it's coach Belichick who is this who's franking me who is this thanks up the phone Randy this is coach Belichick we traded for you what is this a joke this better not be a joke who is this no no no no this is all right all right all right really I said yeah but look we got to get this done by tomorrow at noon goes all goes, all right, what do I need to do? I said, you need to come up, take a physical, and we need to renegotiate your contract. By noon? Yeah. I said, well, I'm in Houston now, but I got a plane. I'll be there. Nice. He flies, and he's there at 8 o'clock in the morning. Comes in and takes Okay, you're good. Renegotiate the contract. We're done at 10 o'clock. And the first thing he says to me is, where's the playbook? Oh, that's awesome, man. He said, right here. He said, okay, because when I walk out there with the first team, with Brady, I've got to know all the plays. I can't go out there and make mental errors and screw up. I've got to know his offense. And he was smart, safety coverage what are you gonna do goes coach you ain't gonna see any post safety coverage against me like oh he goes you're gonna see cover two we haven't seen cover two in years he's like you're gonna see cover two and he was right and then he would say well here's how to run this route here's how to run that route and i started thinking like we gotta start giving randy some routes we're running this and they play cover two how we can move him into the slot he's like move me into the slot. He's like, move me into the slot. I said, yes. You can get on the middle of the cover, too. He's like, all right, good. 25 touchdowns. So many. Opens up the running game, too. I'm telling you, it was handy. Come on, man. I'm trying to. Sweet 16 tonight, AJ. It's a big deal. Opening day today, big deal. What on sports really having a big day on this particular Thursday. I don't know what it's like in your guys' algorithm in your world, but I don't hear a whole lot about opening day, where I'm from. Nope. We don't have a team in Columbus. Yeah. I'm the Reds fan, and there's a lot of Indians are Guardians fans. Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Oh, man, you misogynistic pig. Bye-bye, pal. Get me off the screen with this. Good job, AJ. Hope you enjoyed your media career because it's over. That's it. By the way, let's check with the ump out there. He did. Yes, he did. Did I finish it? Yeah, you did. I don't know. Anyways, the commanders of Cleveland, yes, they are very good baseball players. People love them. Who's Spins playing for this year? He plays for the Indianapolis Indians. Whoa! That's their name. That's their name. You did not say that. That's still the team name. That's their name. That's their name. It's never changed. They have not changed it. Nope. Indianapolis will not change that one. They're not changing a lot. How about the Guardians? What else we got going on? How about the Cleveland Commanders? Cavs? They're good. Commanders. What about? The Commanders? What do they do? He's talking about the Cleveland Guardians. Guardians, bro. Guardians. Yeah, pieces together. Kirk. I still call them the Indians. Stop! Oh, my God. These are the presidents. You sack of shit. These people in Ohio just won't learn. You peaches. 2024. I still reference them as the Cleveland Indians. Stop! Stop! Stop! They're the Guardians. That's the name. 24. I still reference them as the Cleveland Indians. Stop! Stop! We got it. They're the Guardians. That's the name. The Guardians. And I also don't say it's the Ohio State University. I just say Ohio State. Oh, okay. Well, that's very noble of you. Very noble. They're going to have a different January 6th in Ohio this year. I can't believe this. Jalen Milrow often wears his own branded apparel reading LANK across the front. It's an acronym that stands for Let a Naysayer Know. Being told by his former offensive coordinator, Bill O'Brien. That is not what I thought. Is that not what you thought? Boy, let a naysayer know. Let a naysayer know. The professional is right in the middle of his lead. That's all right. I just keep going. I thought you almost lost me. You got real tight up here as you were. I thought it was going down. I thought it was going down out here. I looked over at you. Sorry. Let him say it now. Let him say it now. Oh, sorry about that. Let a naysayer know. Let a naysayer know. That's what we thought the whole time. That's what we all thought. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Mother's Day is Sunday, Thursday, May 9th, 2024. Hour 3 of the program starts now. Sport! Or what we normally talk about and we're lucky to do it. That's A.J. Hawk. He's won a college football national championship and a Super Bowl championship. The Toxic Table is here at Boston Corner at Ty Schmidt. Baseball stinks, but the Yankees are doing okay? Yeah, red hot right now. I got it. I got it. 1-5 straight. 1-5 straight. Wow. How many games have we got left? Last night, I believe, was game 39, so we still got about 127 or so. All right. Let's pay attention to this. Good time All right. Let's pay attention to this. It's time to get hot. Sounds fun. Yeah, now's the time to have good wood. That's right. Nice hot bats. That's right. You needed one half of the hammer. Don! Cowboy's tone digs your tone. You look incredibly fit, pal. He got a whole new wardrobe. We've noticed this the last three days, right? Yeah, yesterday's was unbelievable. Yeah, yesterday You look like high school tone. I want to let you know. Whoa. Super fit. Great shoes. Great. Beard's phenomenal. And that hair he's been letting grow back. Oh, feathery. This guy's a fucking model all of a sudden. Hey, baby tone. You guys are too kind. You know, I don't like when you guys do this, but if you're going to do it, that's fine. I'll take way. Wow, that's why you look so good. No, he paid $190 for that long, sleek t-shirt right there. No, this one Tiger hand-signed and sent to me personally because he heard us talk about it on the show. This one I didn't have to pay for. Okay, but if you were to have to pay for that one, is that $250? I think it's a reasonable $110 maybe. Okay. okay yeah that's good that's good as ty would say we're not buying clothes from the soup kitchen here yeah you're right buying from billionaire tiger woods that's right and uh give him back to the game i'm very appreciative that he is doing that speaking of giving back to the game there was a roast that happened over the weekend sunday night actually saturday would have been cool but you know sunday night we all stayed up for it because tom brady was involved the patriots are involved involved. Some Tampa Bay Buccaneers were looking as they were being looked at by the entire world. And then there was a lineup of comedians. Obviously, Jeffrey Ross, who's the roast master, was there. But then there was a lineup of these comedians that were absolute dogs, absolute savages. And my wife was a massive fan of one of them. I hadn't really got a chance to enjoy her work yet. But after the roast, I'm in forever. Ladies and gentlemen, the host of Fuckboy and Fuckgirl Island, the host of the Nikki Glaser podcast. She's been in plenty of movies, and she won the greatest roast of all time, Nikki Glaser. Yeah, Nikki! Hi, guys. Nikki, how are you? Thank you for having me. That's so nice that your wife is a fan. That Nikki, how are you? Thank you for having me. That's so nice that your wife is a fan. That's so sweet. Thank you. Yeah, I think she, yeah, similar personality from what I, just from what I watched, you know, on The Greatest Race of All Time. And then you got into the algo, you know, you got into the algo after I said your name and my wife had a conversation about it. Got to, seen a lot of clips. Hey, you're a fucking beast Nikki huge huge fan you got a huge fan of me forever no problem oh my god that's so nice I have an HBO special coming out on Saturday night so I hope you watch it it's called Someday You'll Die so check that out but it's it's been insane I mean the fact that I'm on the show there wasn't a chance I'd be on the show had it not been for the roast this is such an honor to be here. And the exposure has been immense. Thanks for the shout-out on the show. I mean, it's been crazy. Todd Bowles is a fan of mine. I just found out who he is. You know, these are just, it's a new world that's opening up to me, but it's been so awesome. Just, yeah, it's all new to me, but this has been so fun. Isn't it wild? Nikki Glaser and Taylor Swift. Yeah. You know, just winning over the football community in about one night. Yeah. In the same way. In about one night. That's an amazing thing, Nikki. You and Tay-Tay. Thanks for that comparison. Yeah. Yeah, that really means a lot to me. I was thinking if I could give you guys some jokes like I didn't use on the show that didn't like fit in my set and just run them by you and think what you think about them. Yeah, we'd be very, very thankful for that. Is that happening right now? What's the language restriction here? Is this like, let it fly? Yep. Whatever you need to do, Nikki. Really? Yeah. Oh, that's exciting. Okay, well, these are just all ones that got cut because either they were similar to other things I was doing or just didn't fit in the flow of it. But let's slow some out um oh my gosh i just in talking about tom brady and all my friends doing research for this event i learned that so many people want to suck tom brady's dick and and a couple of them are women hey that would have been good that would have been good near the lottery ticket gun to the head uh the boyfriend yeah yeah yeah that's where it used to be. And I took it out last second. But I want to let Julian know that Tom is going last tonight. So you're going to have to wait a second. What do Tom Brady and a SpongeBob. Eli Manning owns them both. Okay. Okay. Love it. There was a lot of Eli jokes in there. Brady, you lost to a guy who makes Gronk feel cultured. CTE gets diagnosed with Eli Manning. Let's see. Oh, just the way he looks. I mean, I feel like we didn't like really get into that enough. How crazy Tom Brady looks right now. You know, like I wanted to put a knife through him to make sure he wasn't cake. I was going to call him out on being just an anorexic Adonis. I was going to say, hey, are you going to eat something tonight? It's a cheat day. I brought some pussy if you want any. I just used some blueberries in it before the night began just to fit your weird diet. But then I looked at Jeff Ross and they dried up, so I don't know if you'd be into that. Tom, will you stop getting work done unless scientists figure out a personality transplant? You look like a movie poster for Smile. You look like you cum coconut water. You look like a cyclops with two eyes. Hold on, hold on, hold on, one second. How long? So how long have you been preparing for Tom Brady wrote? I mean, how long? What's that? No, honestly, I probably found out a month out. And that's when you start just watching all the documentaries. And because I, you know, I knew about him, but I didn't know a ton. And that's where you just started immersing yourself and talking to everyone you can think of about their opinions of him, but I didn't know a ton. And that's where you just started immersing yourself and talking to everyone you can think of about their opinions of him, looking at pictures of him all day. And then the two weeks beforehand is really intensely working with a team to write all day and then go out at night and run the set around town like five different times. I was, you know, a week out, I was running the set, skipping from club to club, telling people like, okay, so here's who's going to be here tonight. I'm setting the stage, Drew Bledsoe. Here's the story behind Drew. Kevin Hart's going to, you know, and then doing the jokes. And it's kind of risky because with a crowd that it's not the roast, the jokes can work or they can't work, but you really don't know what it's going to be like the night of. So it was such a relief that it actually worked yeah did anybody in the arena uh other presenters or roasters did any of them hear any of the jokes before they were live you know i heard julian caught wind i heard on his podcast julian edelman heard that i was going to call him gay and so he was ready to go i guess make himself seem even gayer i think he was just like i'll just go in on that before i'll just because i he didn't really have a ret I think he was just like, I'll just go in on that even more. I'll just, because he didn't really have a retort to me. He just like proved my point. So that was kind of fun. But yeah, we're all like, you got to check because Jeff Ross and I are, and Tony Hinchcliffe and Andrew Schultz, all the comics are going from club to club, trying stuff out. So if I would run into Jeff Ross, I'd stay out of the room because you really want to respect what they're doing. But then, you know, there's some overlap. You also wonder what's the line. Like I heard someone was doing an Aaron Hernandez joke and I go, I didn't even know that was on limits, you know. So then it changes everything when you find out like, oh, we're going there. OK, well, let's let's see. Now my whole set changes because that raises the bar quite a bit. Yeah, there's a lot to pull from there i'd assume the brain you know wants to explore the space over there um let's talk about what was potentially off limits we i read a quote from your howard stern interview about how you and the comics kind of uh agreed like hey we're not gonna do any kid stuff because they didn't sign up for this and then there was that moment with jeff ross and tom at the beginning i assume you've already had to talk about this 10 times i apologize for not hearing your answer no and i think andrew schultz said uh that they were told like hey robert kraft stuff really the happy ending stuff we're not really going to do that was that just like conversation among comics was were you told about stuff you couldn't talk about like what were the guidelines and when were you told them pat it's really interesting because there are no guidelines so you have an interview with the producers beforehand. And I go, OK, what can we make fun of? Because to me, the only thing I knew about Tom Brady was that kiss. Like as someone who didn't get into football, as I said in the roast until Taylor Swift said it was OK, I'm kind of like new to this world. So I knew about him kissing his son. That was like the funniest thing to me. And that's just such a place that I went to. I wrote so many jokes about it. And then we all were like, you know what? Actually, it's not really good to go there. I don't think it's not fair to the kid. So we pulled that. But it was honestly like, hey, we've kind of agreed to not do that, but it is live and you're just going to have to feel it out and do whatever you want to do. So I think in that moment, I think hot wind it was never set in stone there was never an email there was never like a mandate of don't talk about robert craft and and the massages but it was just a vibe of like robert craft is kind of like having tom's dad there and it's just not the person you want to go after and it to me i go i'm not going to go after that because i feel like if if it's open at all the jokes are going to be done to death about happy endings about just like having a good arm like just like anything that could be done about it. So I was surprised when Jeff went there because Jeff is the most careful to not like hurt anyone's feelings, you know? And I think Tom really was like, hey man, no. And then Jeff was like, oh, I almost forgot not to go there. I think it's just compulsive for Jeff to go there. So that was a real moment. There were so many real moments like i was just re-watching it how great were gronk and edelman and and and drew bledsoe they they people don't realize yes of course the comedians are going to crush on this but these guys are not going out to the clubs every night to try it out this is really they maybe do one rehearsal they are so nervous they've never done this before they healed like just watching gronk's and how his moments of like hey coach and then going like wait and then you know Bill Belichick gives him the whistle and he goes actually I'm going to tell that one again like he had so and then being proud of himself for being like I actually wrote that one like he watching it so proud because I know how hard this is for someone who's never done it before and they absolutely killed were you impressed as I was I was so nervous. I was so nervous whenever they were on. I got uncomfortable just as somebody who I have a lot of football friends who are funny who are funny people and would be considered great personalities. Walking up to a podium in front of an entire arena with delivery and everything. I was very uncomfortable as they were walking. Julian killed it, I thought. Drew Bledsoe obviously started it. And Gronk, he was getting crushed by everybody. And for him to walk up there, I'm creative, even though everybody thinks I'm some big dumb dipshit. You could tell that was in the moment. He was like, fuck everybody. I can't believe this. It was really cool. Hey, you're me know. Hey hey you're gronk saying even me know that no money or whatever yeah yeah thank you it was so fun yeah that's like it's it's it's all about the delivery and those guys i really am just like i was emotional watching it because i know the level of difficulty and i talked to gronk before and he came i met him for the first time in my dressing room and he seemed so calm and I was not calm. And I go, why? What is this? I go, are you nervous at all? He goes, no, I'm freaked out. Like, I am so nervous. I'm shaking. I feel like it's the Super Bowl. Like, it feels like that kind of energy to me. And so it was so nice to see him just get up there and kill it because I do know that everyone was so nervous. It was live. And some of these jokes, like, if they don't go, we saw it happen. You know, you stick to a premise and you really commit and it doesn't go well. She's talking about Dunk King. You're talking about the Dunk King. Yeah, yeah. We know who you're talking about. Yeah, we all were there. Yeah, we don't need her. Yeah, yeah. I mean, but that would have happened to you just as a go ahead aj nikki i'm curious your expectations coming into this thing like when you first heard that you were going to do it and you heard what the deus was and there's going to be these these football players like this is a i thought hey this could be really bad if it's live we don't know like this is not their natural environment. Did you think that they would do as well as they did? In the moment, did you know, hey, this is something special. This is going to be really, really good. Well, I knew these guys were charismatic. I knew that they, what I knew about some of them, I knew that they could pull it off. But they also, you guys that have played at this level, you just know how to prepare. And you know how to prepare and you know how to kill it and you know how to work hard. And that's what this really takes. So, you know, the guys that worked hard on this, the guys that did well are the ones that took it seriously and worked the hardest. Brady, Bronk, Bledsoe, Edelman, like and then all the comics, like the comics that killed we it's about the hard work. So I think that athletes really I wasn't nervous about that. And I've done so many of these roasts where you go, Martha Stewart's doing this roast. Like how is she going to deliver a joke? And then she does has the best set. I mean, these people, I'm always shocked at how much better of comedians, normal people, not normal, but you know, non-comedians can be so, but I was, I think this was next level. And I think this sets a precedent for like the next roast like let's keep having athletes in because this is they can perform at this level and it's really just a different place to see them and you know unlike actors or personalities or celebrity chefs like athletes have this kind of dark dirty sense of humor already from locker rooms you know yes exactly and so it was it's already embedded in them and man was it unleashed like it was so cool to see it just come full throttle out. It was they were they were perfect for this. So I think this is the precedent. Like now these are going to be the greatest roast of all time. The groats. It's going to be it's going to be athletes now. And it should be because this is a competitive endeavor for comedians, which there is no other competitive. endeavor for comedians, which there is no other competitive there's no other comedian competition out there. We all perform on the road on our own. We're not comparing each other. But this is the only time I've ever done anything and afterwards they're like, there's a winner of the night. There's an MVP. I've never done anything like that and it's because of the nature of what and who was there. It made it feel athletic. It was the coolest thing I've ever done. I love that. I love to hear that. And I can't wait for the next one. I hope you are on it. You need to do one. Yep. That's a no for me. No, no. There's a lot of us. You wouldn't do one? I watch other people for sure. That's not my. I respect it. I respect it. I would get murdered up there You would but you'd have fun with it And your set would be incredible Because you know what you're doing And you have comedic instincts I really think if they ask you should do it Well thank you Nikki But I do appreciate Because I wrote jokes about you already Yeah well I'm sure These 30 got caught They were killing whenever I was walking But just couldn't make it because of time or whatever. Congratulations to athlete that has worked his entire life. Okay. Or her entire life to get to the top of their sport. Countless sacrifices. So much. You did it. Way to go. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. No, no, Nikki. Now you have to sit up here and let the most talented fucking brains on earth compete of who can fucking ruin you harder. Like, that's what the groat is. You know, it's like, hey, congrats, Michael Jordan. Yeah. Okay. Can't wait to see you. Come on. Serena Woods. Serena Woods. Tiger Woods. Can't wait to see you. Jesus. Do you think they'll be down to do this? What's your guys' perception of it? Because I don't really know what to make of how Tom responded, how he's coming out looking in this. Do you think other GOATs will sign up for this? So Nikki, here's the thing. Tom, one of his traits that he's been known for for being good is he can take hard coaching. Bill Belichick was able to coach him tough. He was able to yell at him even whenever he was already considered the goat like that was a part of the tom brady lore in new england you can get coached hard why because tom brady's getting chewed out on a monday even in his 17th year or whatever it is so tom has like naturally i think he's primed for it yes i don't think everybody else will even bill wouldn't even throw him any love during the road like there wasn like there was still he was still just withholding it was insane so okay so you don't think Tiger would be down for this? No. Wow I mean for the good of society I hope you know I hope you guys get a shot I hope you guys get an opportunity not only like the red on Sunday and then everything I mean just the amount of obviously everything but like these brains oh my god a month she had on top a month worth I mean, just the amount of, obviously, everything. But, like, these brains. Oh, my God. A month she had on top? A month? A lot of time. Nobody signed up for that shit, Nikki. I don't know. But with that being said, it was a huge night for, I think, society. Tone has a question for you, Nikki. Yeah, Nikki, you were talking about when you heard Aaron Hernandez, you were like, oh, we can go there and then what you said about julian do you think um and it feels like we are and it felt like the roast maybe helped with this that we are past cancel culture and we could get back to what comedy is supposed to be you know i i think this really broke it open i think people this is the response i've had from this people are like it was a catharsis people are so excited that something went so dirty so filthy, so dark and offensive. It feels like people are jubilant about it. It's not like people are actually offended in any way. I haven't sensed that at all. The only kind of pushback has been seeing headlines that Giselle is disappointed. Oh, boo-hoo. And fair enough. I would be too if I were her. Like, she wouldn't know part of this, you know? Like, that's the only kind of negative response coming out of this so i think people are so excited to have this kind of breach of we can say anything again but i will say that this is kind of the only night that that's allowed where i really took it as like i can't get canceled tonight no matter what i say because i could always fall back on the fact that this is a roast and this is what you asked for this is what i'm being paid to do and i don't know that that is it definitely would help the conversation but I think this is truly the one special place where you really can say anything the only place people are laughing though which is good even in the arena there's big pops for a lot of things that I think a lot of us who live on the internet and see how things go get a little bit of fear like wait a minute so there is no line between humor and hate in some things because we have to be able to keep laughing and pointing at things and i think if everybody's getting targeted that's better for society as well like if you're telling the truth it's you you have that defense like the things most of the jokes that really hit were just the things that we all think that are being not that aren't being said that that you know like when those moments where you know uh gronk is just like and edelman are like man you're weird tom like you're just weird like there were these moments of like truth like you're a good guy but you're a weird guy like those are the moments i really liked which is like oh that's just a truism that doesn't even have a joke wrapped around it but i think people are just craving honesty which is uh that's that's what bothers me about people being offended uh when i bring up something is i always make all of my jokes when i'm touring or anything i just always have the defense of but i'm it's true i'm not saying that person's a bad person or i want them to die i'm just saying that that's what happened to them or that's what they do or that's what they look like it's just true i'm not saying that they're a bad person because they look like that. It just is. That's what it is. You know, on that note, like a microwave pen doll. That's it. That's it, man. Jeez. On that note, on that note, here is a clip from your special called Someday You'll Die, which debuts this Saturday. This is just the truth. Go ahead. Run it, please. I think it's just I look at being a mom and I think it's too hard to be a mom for me actually no it's not hard to be a mom it's hard to be a good mom it's easy to be a bad mom that's so easy but to be a good mom is hard to be a bad mom that's as easy as being a great dad that's that's what that is jeez jeez I just celebrated my daughter's first birthday That's. Jeez. Jeez. Jeez. You know, I just celebrated my daughter's first birthday. And you're 100% right. My wife is the ass kicker in this situation. But that's true. I'm not even mad about it. It's just true. Like, that's not something where I'm like, men, step it up. Dads and do as much as we do. Like, there are some times that men do step up and they do as much as a as a mom would because their wife is dead or something but generally it's just not required of you and that's okay that's just the way it is uh but i'm glad you acknowledge that it's i would be a dad too like me and my male comic friends are always talking about like you know do we focus on a career do we make a family and my male comic friends will be be like, I think I want to be a dad. I think I really, like, it's some hard decision. I go, oh, I'm fine. Like, I want to be a dad too. It's so easy. You get so much, there's like, you know, TikToks of a dad braiding his kid's hair and it has 70 million views. He's on Good Like, now tell us, John, what compelled you to do the bare minimum? Like, you know, it's just the littlest thing and you get a lot of credit. It's just the way it is. I'm not mad about it, but it is true. Very. And with that being said, hey, Mother's Day Sunday. Happy Mother's Day. Mother's Day is on Sunday. That's the title of today's show because let's remember, we a couple days here now huh let's uh let's do great dad stuff that's right let's not do the bare minimum let's do above just above it okay let's go ahead and celebrate the hell out of it ty's got a question for you nikki yeah nikki obviously you crushed the roast and i've only seen clips from fuck boy island i know fuck girl island comes out um and i i don't know like how that process goes but is it difficult? Because I know you're hosting it, but you're technically not the star. It's kind of the characters that are on there. Is it difficult not treating that like the roast where it's like, hey, I could go up here and basically just turn this into a set and eviscerate each one of these douchebags? Do they tell you you can't do that? How does that experience go, and have you enjoyed that? Great question, because I that's obviously what you want to do with these guys who sign up for a reality show called F Boy Island. You know, like you just want to make fun of them, but they take themselves so seriously. And the first season I did go out and I roasted them all so hard and it really created a divide between us for the next rest of the season. They just had they were defensive the rest of the time. And divide between us for the next rest of the season. They just had, they were defensive the rest of the time and, and you're bombing, like you're roasting them to them. There's not an audience. I'm just like at a pool being like, welcome to the show guys. And then just saying like, where do you guys get your jewelry? GNC? I didn't know they sold it there. You know, like I'm roasting them and, and they're just kind of confused. So, um, it got to the point where I, I start now the seasons and I develop a rapport with the guys and I go, listen, this is kind of my vibe. I'm going to make fun of you. The more you laugh at yourselves with it, the better it's going to go. But at this point in the show, like most of my roasting gets cut out because they have to have like, you know, extended scenes of them making out. It's not a comedy show. It's like mostly a reality show now. But I do get digs in here and there. And in here and there and it's it's it's so satisfying okay and most of the time they don't even see it when it's over their heads you know is it well fuck boys i mean that's that's kind of in the name that's how it's going to go what so it's like super dramatic i've never seen this is are we getting voted off the comedy show it's edited in a comedy way so it's like it has all the like you know uh intrigue and suspense and like of like a love is blind like anyone in your life who likes those kinds of shows uh will will love it but it also has elements for people who don't really like those kinds of shows that have to watch it with their wife who likes those kinds of shows that is making fun of the genre we don't take ourselves seriously we know people aren't going to get married out of the show we know that we're manipulating them to fall in love very quickly and it does really happen they do fall in love and and no one's really there to find love they do find it but they're all there to be famous it's all like you know we make fun of ourselves but it's called lovers and liars and it's on the cw now we had it it's called it's f boy island was in hbo then it moved to the cw and they had to change the name because we were we're having trouble selling advertising so they changed it to lovers and liars but essentially the show is a bunch of uh f boys and f girls you gotta get dude wipes you gotta get dude wipes on board yeah gotta get seat geek on board they yeah yeah there's a couple companies i'd be like yeah yeah we are fuck boy yeah yeah that is yeah yeah it's 2024 yeah fuck boy lovers and liars yeah lovers and liars cw yes and it's on right now. It's like in the middle of the season and it's insane because this time we have three guys looking for love and it's like 24 women who are lying to these guys and who are just, you know, slutty girls in the best way that are pretending to like these guys and tricking them and they're really good at it and it's awesome. Hold the phone! Full circle. Is that Ben Polizzi? Yes, it is. He's a comedian. From India? I didn't know him. He's from Indianapolis. He's from Indianapolis. He's very attractive. He's awesome. He's one of our fans. He's going to get screwed over. He's hilarious too. It's such a funny show. I wish more people watched it because if you like these kinds of reality shows, I don't think a lot of people are watching it because they can't find it because it's on the CW. But it is a fantastic show. And if you do go find it, you will see that it is as good as any of these Love is Blinds or 90 Day Fiancés you're watching. Ben Polizzi's a real talent. He's a real talent. I am pumped to hear that he is. Benedict Polizzi yes. He was an intern here. Yeah very for like a month. He's hilarious. Such a great guy. I'm so glad you like him. Who are these two? These two are just as funny as Ben or they do like super cool stuff? Yeah, those are guys that were on F-Boy Island. They used to be F-Boys and then they like fell in love on the show. And so then they were like, wait a second, I do want love. So we brought them back for F-Girl Island to find love and now to have their hearts get trampled all over. We have a guy, his name's Mitt. How do we... Oh, yes. That guy looks like Mitt right Sorry, I love her Yeah, sorry, not a fuckboy Mitt, will you please come out here? Come on, Mitt What's going on with you? You gotta get him on the show Where the hell is me? Just being a fuckboy Come on, hey, Mitt Come on, please Need to see the fit to get the full fuckboy feel Oh, look at this guy Come out the door Mitt, come on You guys need to see the fit to get the full fuckboy feel. Oh, look at this guy. He's a quick five. Come out the door. Come on. He's not very smart. Oh, he's good. Oh, yeah. This is a fuckboy. I mean, a lover. Look at you. Yeah, I don't trust him. He's perfect. But he's also mysterious. He seems like he doesn't care. He's perfect. Yep. But he's also mysterious. He seems like he doesn't care. That's attractive. He seems like, yeah, I'm into it. It's perfect. He's a fucking worker, though. He is. He's not even looking for the spotlight, but he kind of wants it. But he's too cool for it. Yeah, he's perfect for it. Well said. Well said. Wow. And it great personality profile that you just gave from one look at a guy yeah i'm up yeah all right i'll see you next season we're trying to figure out whether we put him on amazing race uh with talk or maybe this the artist formerly known as fuck boy island yeah he's destined for he's destined he's destined for the television screen truly i'll get him in okay we appreciate that nicky we need that uh go ahead aj nick do you ever get offended on doing these roasts with what people come at you? I know you go at everybody else, but do you ever get legit upset? Yeah, dude. It's hard. That's why Brady didn't go to the after party. He was out of there because I think he probably wasn't a dude. Oh, break it! Yeah, he didn't go. He was on his way out. Right. I ran into him in the hallway and just said, hey, thanks for having me again. We didn't meet him before the show. I only met him after I got done with my set and gave him a hug and said thank you after telling him, you know, horrible things about himself. But then afterwards, I ran into him in the hall and he said, you would like, thank you so much. Thanks for having me. And really quickly, he just goes, you did a great job. Good luck with everything, which is pretty much saying, like, I'll never see you again. And don't even try to contact me. Have a good life. But it was it was nice. It was nice. But he was out of there because I know what it's like. You go into these and you go, it's not going to really offend can hurt them and I don't think he thought we were going to say things about like him losing his family I think is the one that I think he did not predict and and the truth is he didn't lose his family he's a great father that was obviously hyperbole he lost his wife. Yeah but we know what you mean by great father yeah okay we know well he really I do believe he is. And so I feel like he was a little pissed off about that. But he literally could have had somewhere to go. But I will say that afterwards. Yes, it does stay with you. You are kind of in the moment you laugh and it doesn't sink in because you're just you know, you're on camera and you just got to look like I'm going with it. But later on, when you close your eyes at night, those kind of jokes circle back around and you make an appointment with your, you know, your injection person to fix the things in your face that made you look like a horse or whatever they called you. You know, like there's there will be things that I do as a response to the jokes that were made as like they're just jokes. But I'm like, they wouldn't get a laugh if there wasn't some truth to them i know that myself so um yes i get deeply offended and saddened but it's just that's the that's the thing you have to endure for this level of exposure and for this moment like i had to put myself open to that and i um and i got let off easy i felt i was i was excited they didn't go too hard hey thanks for your sacrifice yeah oh yeah thank you so much what a gift and a curse the talent of fucking murdering people is because you can do it to other people, but then you also have to. It's like that slap fest. Yeah, exactly. It's like in that slap sport, you know, where they have to stand here like, I'm a good fucking slapper. You slap somebody and then they still stand. It's like, oh, no. I have to get slapped by somebody who's a good slapper Oh right Because I got done with my set and I was like I've worked on this harder than I've ever worked on anything in my life You see me sigh when I sit down I'm just like oh it's over It went as well as it could have gone It went better than I've ever even run it I landed the triple axel that I've never even landed At practice kind of thing That's how good it went in the level of difficulty. But then you sit and then you kind of recalibrate and you're like, now I can relax and enjoy the jokes. And then you get told you're, you know, uh, I think Gronk said that Bill Belichick needs to date women, his own age, uh, like Nikki Glaser. And then that hits you and you go, God damn it. You know, like, oh, I'm like, and I didn't see that coming because I'm like, oh, 40. They're not going to call me like old. I look pretty good, but they do. And it worked. And I was like, no. So it's like that's the part that hurts is when the crowd laughs because that's just that's you can make any joke all day. And if the crowd doesn't laugh, you go, oh, well, it's not true. But when they laugh, you're like, oh, no, there must be truth to it. I assume there's dudes that worry about getting older or whatever, but like my wife, you know, uh, her birthday's coming up in a couple of months and the way she talks about it, I'm like, yo, this is much better than the alternative. Like, you know, like we're getting wiser, but don't you feel like you're getting wiser and better at your job too, as we go, here we go. This is good thing, right? Yes. But there's going to be a peak for it where it's like, no matter how talented you are, like people don't want to look at your aging face. Like people, you know, there's HD cameras. And when your neck as a woman starts to look scrotal, they're just kind of like, can you get out of the way? We don't really care about your talent anymore. Like we want to look at things that we want to fuck and yours doesn't elicit that response in us anymore so can you move out of the way for someone less talented and and more supple which i guess i mean i like to look at attractive things too so yes it there is that panic of i like getting wiser i like not caring what people think about me as much all these things that come with age but it's undeniable that as you age you kind of lose visibility and and and people you know people don't want to fuck you as much and it's not that i want people to fuck me i just want don't want to fuck you as much. And it's not that I want people to fuck me. I just want people to want to fuck, you know, like being fuckable. The worst part of being fuckable is getting fucked. It's all the other things that come with it. People holding doors for you and helping you with your bags like that. That's the thing I want to retain. All right, Nikki, thank you. Uh, I should have expected this to go exactly how it went from little first word to last one here nikki you crushed uh i can't wait to see what you do next my wife will keep me updated and now that my algo knows that i know you exist i'm sure i'm going to see you because your social presence is phenomenal as well keep crushing it nikki you're doing it thank you pat thank you everyone this is so much fun you guys are so great thank you someday she doesn't mean that like right now there's like a thousand yeah not someday you'll die debuts may 11th at 10 eastern is that a.m or p.m that's p.m baby this saturday streaming on hbo someday you'll die hbo new comedy special it's my fourth hour special it's my best one yet and uh yeah i hope you watch it i'm in a tiny tight skirt. I'm doing like, I act out a gangbang at the end. Like, it's just worth seeing for all those aspects. Okay, perfect. That's on Saturday, 10 p.m. Eastern on Max. She's also on tour right now. May 11th, Hollywood Palladium, May 17th, The Venetian. That's nice. She'll be there. With David Spade? Yeah, I do a residency with David Spade at the Venetian. So May 17th, 18th in Vegas with David Spade. But then I just have a ton of tour dates coming up on my own that are going to be incredible. I'm so excited. Lots of roast jokes, lots of just new material. It's going to be awesome. What did you say, Zito, there? June 15th, she's in town. Okay, cool. Oh, here we go. Clues. Yeah, please come out if you got, like, let me know. I'd love to have you. June 15th. June 15th. I feel like we're here. Yeah, June 10th is the last day of the TST. Okay, June 15th, we're here. Okay, good news. Oh, yeah. All right, can't wait to come laugh. Yeah, it's going to be great. You're a real weapon. We appreciate you for stopping by. I appreciate you for having me. Thank you so much. Are you going to stay in the football world now, right? I think you should. Yes, I will be at Chiefs opening day. That's my team. I'm picking it. I'm trying to get in Taylor's box or just adjacent. I'm like, I'm in, baby. If you're willing to have me if everyone's embraced me i'm like this is my tribe like i've always wanted to be accepted in some kind of sports world and i finally feel like i've arrived and i'm going to embrace it and like learn everything i can and become a true true fan i'm so excited hell yeah hey welcome aboard and the football community is the right one for you from just what i've seen in the last five days feels like like you're in the right spot. Ladies and gentlemen, Nikki Glaser. Yay! You could see and sense owners of 31 teams hoping that Nikki Glaser was a fan of their team. Yeah. And then she said the Chiefs, and they go, oh, again. Yep. Of course. Again. This is what Casey does. Again. Not that, obviously, Taylor Swift is a multi-billionaire who sells out stadiums everywhere. But Nikki has a female demo that is obviously huge and for a good reason. And the football community is like, hey, she was fucking funny. There was a lot of that. Wasn't that kind of the reaction from the football folks? Yes. I think people had no idea who she was. Like, man, who was that Nikki girl? She killed it. Because she walks up there. A lot of football meatheads go okay here we go who's this here we go obviously god do it and then she gets two minutes in like wait a minute yeah wait a minute what's going on here yeah she'll be a pass fan it's like magic johnson whenever he saw larry bird for the first time this fucking fucking no you're right you're right she's they got one she is they got one and then sam jacobs up from boston yeah murders it was like what a night they hit a home run oh yes they did and then she was like i hope these athletes will continue they won't tom brady is different you know what i mean i don't think he was happy i don't see tiger jordan i don't know i mean like maybe wayno like wayne gretzky i think would be a good sport. I think he would. Him leaving though, Brady leaving, I assume if any of those guys asking, granted, like she said, he probably did have somewhere to go. But if he was kind of pissed about it, if Jordan or Tiger reach out, I wonder what his response would be. Well, they would watch it and they'd be like, no way in hell am I doing this. to figure out somebody who lives under such a rock that they didn't see the roast and didn't see the capabilities of some of the people up there and been like that's who we need to get but like they should not all the goats like mj would be good because he's got some skeletons tiger's got some skeletons he'd be good but you also need something like wayno doesn't have any and it's that i know of the amount of canada yeah i can think of a couple things Canada would just get fucking cooked Basically for two hours or whatever But Ueno would then be signing Canada up for that Well they kind of deserve it Ueno's a Canadian legend no matter what happens Has McEnroe done one? Do we consider him a GOAT? I feel like we kind of do Perhaps in the tennis world. He knows the needle right, that pickleball tournament. Yep. And he's a fiery guy, so him going would probably be good. Tom Brady doing it is such an anomaly. Aaron would be good. Yeah. Aaron would be. Oh, man. Boy, that would be so. Can you imagine once he finally got up after everybody went? He would have like a. Yeah everybody went, he would have like a, yeah, he'd be, he would prepare. He would prepare his hands on the boat. Okay. Yeah. It's been fun. Yeah. I've not forgotten one word. Every single word that has been said tonight will be rebuttaled. Just would like to let that know. That'd be a lot to pull from that. That's I would never, that would not be like, honestly, I enjoy watching it. It's like I used to watch shit TV. You know, I used to watch the drama, Real Housewives, used Pawn Stars. You know, I like watching that shit. I never want to be involved in that shit because there's human, like, that is a human up there. So when I'm hearing some of these things that are being said about, I'm like, God damn, that had to fuck it. And she talked about when you lay your head down, it's like, yeah, I laid my head down for a long time at night. It's like, I do not want to be with my thoughts after the most talented shit talkers who have a month of time to research my every doing for my whole life. It's like, no fucking way do I want to be reminded of every piece of shit thing in my life. Like, no way do I want to do that. Like she said, too, like, it's live. Like, you just have to sit up there and eat it because if you react and get pissed like an asshole yeah then you're gonna get killed even more so it's like you have to act like everything's like oh no you know brady just like lifting the glass up and then lifting the other glass like yeah i'm double fist and we're inside he's probably early yeah exactly we're inside he's probably like i want to go fucking smack this motherfucker in the face so bad but it like, you just have to sit there and let him shovel shit into your mouth for three hours. The amount of times Tom Brady thought to himself, the only reason why anybody's listening to you is because I'm here. The amount of times he thought that. But then as he's thinking that, what the person saying back is like, some of that shit was so beautiful. Like, when she said everybody was working it, club to club, it's like Schultz just did Madison Square Garden back-to-back nights, and then he went right out there. She said that she would see him in a club working his roast. It's like, it looked like it because literally every line was a fucking home run. Yeah, bang. They knew that that was going to be gigantic, huh? For sure. Yeah, that's awesome. Good for everybody involved. That's the bar, though. What's that? That's the bar. That's the bar, though. Now we went in with no expectations. Maybe thinking, I don't know how this is going to go. But now they set the bar. So the next one is going to be tough to live up to that. I don't know how many are going to happen. I think finding another willing participant of that magnitude. Because you can get any athlete to go up there and be like, okay, but that was part of the allure is like, hey, this is fucking Tom Brady they're roasting. You need to have a Tiger or a Jordan or something. That has to be the next. Are those guys going to do it? I don't think so. Speaking of content that is happening with GOATS, Peyton Manning's Omaha Productions is about to release full-court press, which followed Kaitlyn Clark, Dawn Staley, Angel Reese, Juju maybe. I think, yeah, Cardoso. Cardoso. And then there was a guard from UCLA, too, a sophomore. That was followed behind the scenes this entire magical women's college basketball season. It had a premiere the other day in Indianapolis here, Caitlin Clark and a bunch of them walked the red carpet. We'll be talking to Peyton Manning tomorrow at one o'clock or 110 I believe 110 about the release of that what went into it I believe it was directed and produced by all women oh nice I believe I believe the entire thing and uh we know this was happening during the season did we know they were following that no we did not I think we found out like three quarters of the way through yes nice yeah I don't think we knew at the beginning of season. This is kind of like that quarterback thing where we didn't really know. This year, are they doing a quarterback? Do we remember? The receiver one. Receivers one. Okay. I think it's Amun Ra. I know he's in it for sure. I thought Justin Jefferson was in it. Kittle's in it. Yeah, Kittle. I wonder. Yes. I just want to see the process, you know? Mm-hmm. See the process. That's why Hard Knocks was loved. Be loved. It's like, what's the process to get to Sundays? So then whenever you get a chance to see it, we're kind of... I mean, I know documentaries have been around for a long fucking time. And who's the guy that does the photo that he zooms in time, but I feel like we're very much in a documentary era right now because a lot of people obviously want to see how the sausage is made, what's happening behind the scenes. I assume that this is going to be a phenomenal documentary of the women's college basketball season and who's in it? Well, the biggest story in women's college basketball history, certainly. So, should be great. Shout out to Peyton Manning getting that done and shout out to the all-female directed and produced content that we're going to get and then the receivers one it was announced who's who is on it it is uh davante adams justin jefferson george kittle debo samuel and amon raw saint brown i believe this is uh omaha as well so peyton you know has really got a market cornered and it's behind the scenes of the greats and it's like good on you omar yeah we appreciate all the access to everything can't wait to see that on netflix coming soon i believe there's a chance you hear our voice in that a couple really i think we weren't we're on quarterback obviously oh yeah that's right we're just internet show then not that we're just on the internet right now also true kind of we're on tiktok right now he's gonna figure it out yeah i saw there was a any any room there any movement yeah the tiktok uh is suing for longer time a delay no uh they for trying to make them sell i believe is so they're following a grievance yeah. Yeah, I don't know who they're suing. I don't know if it's the U.S. government. I don't know if that's who they're suing. Good luck. Yeah, good luck. Yeah. It does seem a little difficult at this stage of things to see the government win. Some governments are getting even stronger. Yeah. I think it had something to do with freedom of speech, if I saw that correctly. Oh, the First Amendment. That's a pretty important one. Freedom of brainwashed kids. Is that what they're trying to say? All right. See, that's the problem. Can't have any conversations ever. You know, can't do it. There is a country, though, getting real strong. The government getting real, real strong. Which is either really good for the future or that's our friends up north yeah don't say anything because if you go to toronto in 15 years they might pull this quote and have you executed up there what are they doing i believe and i don't know if it's been passed or pitched because you know there's a bunch of laws and that get pitched in america and then what it actually ends up being is vastly different but the the tractor goes around around around you know and it's always a bunch of yelling at everybody hate speech on the internet you get punished for it and they can go back yeah look out oh they go back because i know they canada had there was some comedian that was getting put in jail or something just from something he said during one of his sets yeah he was talking now they go back and get you allegedly that's being picked what's hate speech what what is hate speech i don't know don't know. They want to go back. And we go back for everything then. Yeah, let's go back for the Trudeau photos too. Is that hate speech? It's a wild time right now and we will continue to be the stooges that occupy a couple hours of your afternoon if you'll spend it with us. But there is some alarming shit going on. It's like, what's the deal? How is that even? But But there is some alarming shit going on. It's like, what's the deal? How is that even? But once again, we would like smart people to figure it out. All right, on that note, let's get the hell out of here. AJ, great work today, pal. Shout out to Nikki Glaser for joining us, Jason Light, PK Subban, Wendy, Wendy Annapolis Pacer legend. Yeah. Brian Windhorst, who went to bat for the Pacers. I don't know if you saw that, AJ. Did you see that? Oh, yeah. Yeah, all in for them. He said 99% of the time the refs ain't deciding the game. The other night, game one, in Madison Square Garden, Pacers almost steal one against the Knicks. That was in at 1%. That was in at 1%. And he's right. Damn right. Small market teams got an opportunity, though, here in Indiana. Hell, yeah. preseason game tonight. Obviously, we gave it. Windy, if he goes, he has tickets. If he doesn't, we know a lot. We know a lot about him. Next week, one week from today, regular season tips off for the Indiana Fever here in Indianapolis. This weekend, we got two Indiana Pacers playoffs games. It's a magical time. Let's continue to ride it. Tomorrow will be Feel Good Friday. It's going to be great. Huge. Unbelievable. Tomorrow's going to be great. Peyton's coming on. Peyton Manning, feel good Friday. Yeah. 110. What'll be in that first hour? Well, maybe we'll be reacting to Cavs Celtics. Whoa, did the Cavs get a big upset tonight? Wow. Yeah, maybe. How about the Mavs and the Thunder? How's Lucas Ney? Big question. SGA, he's got a chip on short because he didn't win the MVP? Probably. It's actually. Number two in voting, Shaq told Joker right to his face, you need to hear it from me. I didn't think you should win. You know I love you. You know I love you. Best big man in the league. Three time MVP, Joker. And then on the NHL tonight, Rangers at Hurricanes. Rangers up 2-0 going down to see the Caniacs and Raleigh. Yeah, brother. I had a couple tweets from some Caniacs saying we don't give enough love to the Hurricanes. You're down two out of the Rangers. Is Cowher ringing the siren? We got to know who's sounding the siren. Where's Cowher? We always say 20,000 screaming Caniacs, brother. We always say that. Yeah, they got the beer sticks. We've been gassing up the Caniacs for years, brother. We're just in that arena. Yeah, you're welcome. Ooh, sound and the siren. Give us somebody good. What if it's Gensel? What if Gensel's like, you know what? I'm sounding a siren. I'm punching people in the mouth. I'm scoring two goals. I was born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. You're welcome, Raleigh. What if that's what Gensel does? And every time I see Gensel do something, I have a sense of pride and we're going to make the fucking playoffs. It should be Keekly tonight. Should be. Should be. Should be. Rip that fucking thing out. Maybe Matt Rule. Yeah. That'd be sweet. Oh, yeah. That'd be cool. David Tepper. Yes. Oh, no. Sir Purr and David Tepper. Sir Purr. Is that the AI one? No, Sir Purr is the mascot. Yeah Yeah, but remember the A.I. Yeah, I was around the stadium. Sir Purr was Chosen Anderson, was confused about him. Oh, okay. Robbie Chosen, Chosen Chosen. He changed it again. I can't keep up. I forget what it is. Yeah, I think it's Robbie Chosen. Might be double Chosen. He changed his name from Robbie with a Y to I-E, I'm pretty sure. Chosen's in there That's kind of sweet For shoot He did that Yeah How come How come Josh Rosen Didn't change his name To the Rosen one He should That might have helped him Probably would have He'd still be playing He got tattooed on his chest Yeah Yeah maybe on his forehead Yeah That would have made more sense He was so cool Remember he was in a hot tub In his dorm Yeah So sweet In his dorm. Yeah, so sweet. He was the Rosen one. He was a cool guy. He was. I bet you he's a great golfer. Oh, yeah. Both of his parents are tennis pros. Really? I believe so. He's a tennis prodigy. So he's actual Rosen one. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. We need to legally change these names a little bit more, especially when we get a nickname like Chosen Geez Louise. Avalanche at the Stars. Good luck to all parties tonight. Okay. Texas hockey, it's going to be a loud barn or what? Yeah, we're tying this thing up tonight, boys. That's not what we heard last year. Our last series against Las Vegas. I'll press down Dallas. I'll press your jump. No, there's not. We went down 2-0. DeBoer's never won game one as a Stars coach. Don't You don't want to go back to Denver Down 0-2 Vegas maybe toughest barn in the league We know that's not true You think Colorado is a tougher barn than Vegas? Yeah Dang I'm all high with them It was all Edmonton fans When we were there for the VGK Yes Hey Coovers fans are juice They got some love today Shout out to the Coovers fans are juice. They got some love today. Oh, okay, cool. Shout out to the Coovers. Coovers. Coovers are juice. I believe Canucks, right, is the nickname for Canadians? Yeah. Yeah. Canuckleheads. Oh! Get over here, you Canucklehead. I love that. Is that what we did in 1776? That's why you guys didn't join us? What the fuck? Probably. They didn't join us because they're a bunch of bitches. I mean, we know. Gumpy painted shit. This guy eats grit for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Hey, look. Back then, bottom left Canada, that didn't exist. That was just a bunch of nothing. Okay? So if it was now, of course, Gumpy would be joining. Canada's got good people up there. Canada's got good people up here. I firmly believe, especially after going up to Montreal and experiencing that situation, and obviously Gumpy. That's my point. Let's get out of here. Canada's got good people. It's great. I learned more about Canada because we have a fucking actual immigration situation. He knows a lot about Canada. We do have a Canadian coach. Yeah, we do. I loved it with Kavanaugh yesterday. Kavanaugh yesterday had to have the old Canadian accent with almost every question. Well, he said, I think that's more hockey. It's like, but lacrosse is Canada's sport. Hockey on land. That is their sport. Oh, shit. It's going in. It's going in. Oh, get in the hole. Damn. Hey, Preseason. Home game for Kalen Clark. This goes in. Win by 30. You know what's kind of fascinating here in Indiana? I feel like the refs might help us in the WNBA. But they're working against us in the NBA. We're in a little fucking officiating purgatory. Who do the Feeves have tonight? They take on a stock ball club. I think they got the Mystics tonight. Okay. Yeah. I believe it is the Mystics. Fresh off of, okay, Atlanta Dream is who they're playing tonight. If you think about who the Mystics are, especially after Mystics. The Mystics are a solid team. No, the Mystics are a tough ball club. Well, Mystic Dan, too, this weekend. Bingo, exactly. That's what we're thinking about. Full circle. So, the Atlanta squad loses by 30 tonight if this ball goes in. All right, close game. It's going to be a close game. All right. It's going to be a close game. Good test for the girls. The good news is nothing's mattered more than that ball ever. Agreed. mattered more than that ball ever. Agreed. Wendy's going to be here. Yes. All right, we'll be back tomorrow. We appreciate you all so much. What a day. What a ridiculous show. Thank you for watching. I can't believe you do. If you get a chance, though, why don't you go ahead and tell somebody something nice? Why don't you go ahead and prepare for Mother's Day a little bit because it is an effort holiday. Why something nice that might change your life. We're in this thing together. Team on me, team on three. One, two, three. Team. Good night.