nk you. so Thank you. so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Damn it! Be a friend to other friends, something nice could change their life. We want that! We want that! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On Wednesday, it's going to be May 1st, 2024. This program starts now. Sports. Our wonderful sports are amazing. Last night, there was two series in the NHL that ended. Congrats to the Caniacs. Gave a big time win. They are the odd on favorite to win Lordo. And congrats to the Colorado Avalanche. Knocked out the Winnipeg Jets, who we fell in love with just last week. Their season's over, but the Avalanche shall continue. The NBA had a big night last night. All those series are continuing. The Los Angeles Lakers obviously out. What's LeBron James going to do? That'll be talked about for the next two months, especially with the USA team coming around the corner with the Olympics. We have a massive show today. Massive show today. We've got Matthew Kachuk of the Florida Panthers joining us. He's an absolute stallion from the Kachuk family. His dad, Big Walt, okay, was in the NHL. His brother, Brady, is in the NHL. And then he is obviously leading the Florida Panthers to a spot that, you know, nobody really thought. They won the first round series against Tampa. Hell yeah. Big Florida Panthers fan, Darius J. Butler is here, nine-year NFL vet. I know you're excited to talk to Kachuk. This man, last year, he had a broken sternum, broken spine, broken femur. They put his ass on skates and had him go play. You're talking about one of the toughest guys on earth. Can't wait to chat with him in a matter of moments. Ryan Poles, general manager of the Chicago Bears, will be joining us at 1.20 Eastern time. We thought there was no chance anybody from Chicago was ever going to come on our program again, even though we thought we had good relationships with Ibrafluis and Poles and even Caleb after meeting him at the draft. President of the Bears, we've obviously said, yeah, this guy's a doofus for some of the things he's done in the past. Thought that was going to get held against us. Instead, Ryan Poles coming on the program, extending Olive Branch. Hey, Mr. Warren, you might not have been right for the Big Ten commissioner, but you might be right at home as Chicago Bears president. Thanks for letting the GM come on, can't wait to chat with them. They had a big draft, obviously. Drew McIntyre, Scottish warrior, will join us at about 1.45 Eastern time. And then brand new GM for the Los Angeles Chargers, Joe Hortiz, will join us at 2.15 Eastern. So today is packed with a lot of stories and bullshit to chit-chat about. We can't wait to dive into all of it. Rabbit, rabbit to all of you on this first day of May. The Talks at the Table is here. At Boss of Connor and at Ty Schmidt. Do you have a dorsal fin? Yeah. Do you talk to the dolphin? Of course. Why wouldn't you? It's the smartest man on the planet, some people say. We've chatted about this before, how the United States military actually hires dolphins to work alongside the Navy SEALs The brain on that particular species on your chest is bigger than anything else going. I like what you did here today. Yeah, I figured, you know, why not mix it up a little bit, change the energy in here, especially with, you know, Kachuk coming on, Florida guy. Florida has dolphins. They have the team of dolphins. Just kind of trying to put some stuff together. Yeah, but any time you go see the dolphins, like as a tourist type thing, you got to watch because those things will hump the shit out of you. Actually. They're a horny group. Yeah, very horny. And they don't ask, really. And that's not AI. That's for shoot, brother. Bingo. That's not some fake photo. Yeah, that's a real thing in nature. You've got to be on the lookout if you're seeing a fin coming at you because it's either a shark. Kill you. Also stinks. know it's gonna do you you know what they or it could save your life fins up fins to the fins to the right you're the only i've seen so many videos of people going to see those dolphins they're just sitting on a dock waiting to get in there and dolphin says don't get in the water i'll come to you hop up on her and they have incredible stamina oh yeah and i don't know the power they're swinging out there but there's a lot of dolphins we're big fans one half of the hammer down cowboys tongue digs your tone how's gambling night last night very underwhelming answer yesterday thought to myself i should never ask this guy this question ever again did we win yesterday yeah it was a great gambling night last night okay i mean you when you when you're honest with the gambling gods they reward you like if i would have came out here yesterday and said, I'm doing great, I'm undefeated every night, I would have not won a game last night. But I was honest, I was forthright, and I shared my opinions with everyone out here. It was kind of brave of me to do. And then came out last night and, you know, killed it. Sound like a Canadian there, the way you're talking. Talking about being brave and being a hero. I love it. Keep winning, boys. The other half of the hammer. Don, Cowboys, Bubba Gumpino here. Gumpy, how you doing? You hitting your stride, pal? We winning some bets? Oh, yeah. All is well, my friend. Big game tonight. Texas Hockey, brother. Loudest barn going in the playoffs. No, that's not what I heard. Oh, yeah. says for a big docile crowd down there in the barn. Quietest barn in the league that's left around. It's going to be loud tonight. They told me. They reached out. They said, don't worry. It's going to be a loud barn. Well, the Vegas Golden Knights are going in there as Stanley Cup champions knowing that they've got to feel it out a little bit. They're lost two straight, but that's because they're still trying to figure it out. So, you know, toughest barn in the league maybe. But I don't think the Golden Knights see it that way. But it is a – got to win this one tonight. The NHL playoffs and the NBA playoffs have been fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. Last night the Sixers beat the Knicks, and it's like, oh, wait a second. Are the Knicks going to blow this? Look out. You got a lot of Knicks fans going, no way. This has to be. We need Jalen Bigbody Brunson. This is the year. Deuce McBride has the entire place screaming Deuce whenever he's putting up threes. You got the Philadelphia 76ers fans not even showing up at games. Knicks people are showing up. The Sixers come back and win this with Joel Embiid not even able to walk down the court for the next two games. Boy, everybody in the tri-state area is going to be shitting all over themselves and I can't wait to watch it. There's so many storylines, bro. And speaking of a storyline that we enjoy, there is a former All-Pro football player who is now a record label rapper. Friend of the program, ladies and gentlemen, Pac-Man Jones is here. Pac, I know you had a couple performances last week, Nashville and Detroit. How'd it go? How are we feeling? We went really good. Went really good. Feeling good. Putting out a new record this month. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. New song. New song. When's it coming? All the Smoke, 21st. All the Smoke is the name of it? Featuring Jody Breeze. Okay! All the Smoke, is this about the podcast, Matt Barnes' stack? No, it's not. Love those guys. Just so happen to be the name of the song. And we're talking smoking? Are we talking fighting? What is all the smoke? Just using it as a general speech. You can put it in any category you want to put it in. Like smoking a record. We want all the smoke. Okay that's oh is that the hook right there? Yeah that's part of the hook. Alright here we go. Got a banger on the way. When's that song coming out? 21st. There we go, Pat. Proud of you, Pat. Okay, so there is a couple stories developing with Hall of Fame children. Yes. In the football world. Let's start with the first one. Marvin Harrison Jr. He was announced yesterday. Now, Marvin Harrison Sr. is obviously Hall of Famer, Indianapolis Colt legend, one of the greatest wide receivers to ever catch a football in the history of the sport. Him and Peyton Manning were a tag team, a duo that people are going to try to replicate forever. Now, his son is a man that we all assumed was going to be the first wide receiver off the board. But Chatter got loud because he didn't do anything at the combine. He didn't do anything in his pro day. He did none of the bullshits. He did the medical at the combine. He actually missed a little bit of a media thing because he was doing all the medical. But we reached out to the team, the Marvin Harrison team, and we said, hey, why aren't you guys doing anything? And we were told, we're not track. We're playing football. Yeah. Okay? Watch the film. If you don't think he's fast, don't draft him. We're not really, that is just, we're not getting into a three-cone drill for the next month to figure out how to do this. We're not working on his 10-yard split. We're not working on just a track 40 because you're not going to do that ever in football. He's going to work on football stuff. looked at it the wrong way. They're like, wait a minute, is this guy a diva? Is this guy maybe high maintenance and everything like that? Everybody around Ohio State says that's not, he's like the hardest working dude of all time. He's been given the game by his dad since he was a kid. He comes in, he's on the jugs machine in the morning, doesn't go to bed until he's on the jugs machine at night. He's in the weight room. His teammates love him. gave people to be like, maybe this isn't a guy you want in your building. Even though his dad, once again, one of the greatest wide receivers of all time. Then there was a report from Adam Schefter that unlike everybody else, Marvin Harrison Jr. has yet to sign a preliminary NFLPA licensing agreement that all draftees typically sign, which would allow his name and likeness to be monetized after he's picked tonight and before his NFL contract is signed per sources. His jersey will not be available for purchase, and he will not be featured in video games until his NFLPA group licensing deal is signed. Now, I am a person that did not sign up for the NFLPA the last couple years I was in the NFL. Everybody has heard my gripes with the NFLPA. I got tested 208 times in a 27-month period, and I heard nothing from the NFLPA when I said, it feels like I'm getting preyed on right now by the substance abuse program. They sent me a text back after I got out of the substance abuse program and said, you good? Yeah. Yeah. I am. And I hate you. They were deferring payments for multiple years because they thought that was the right decision, which just kept the money in the NFL so they could do interest. The NFLPA has made a lot of decisions in the past that I think have been dumb. So if people don't sign up for the NFLPA, I don't think that should necessarily be used as a weapon against them. Now, from the meetings that I've had with the NFLPA people moving forward, they are trying to be a much more efficient and smarter operation, looking out for the players. And I appreciate the NFLPA. And remember, if it wasn't for the NFLPA back in the 30s, you know, there would be a completely different ballgame. They will still run a propaganda video in 2024 as if these guys would have to work four jobs if it wasn't for the NFLPA. But I understand that the NFLPA has a place in the NFL. I understand that some people think it is vitally important. I understand that they negotiate deals. For instance, they just wrote my rights away to a merch company with Boomstick and my name, everything that I pretty much created on my own Twitter. And I was getting like two bucks a shirt, which is really nice. That's not bad. Like 34 bucks, 35 bucks. Wow. Could do that myself. But the NFLPA said, no, we got you. We'll get a deal done for you for two bucks a shirt. Don't you worry about it. We got your back. That added into me saying, I hate this group. I'm not doing it. Now that has all changed. They have deals with groups like Fanatics, which leads me to what we have heard from Source. Sis. Within the Marvin Harrison Jr. and Marvin Harrison Sr. camp. This is not about the NFLPA. Marvin Harrison Sr., camp. This is not about the NFLPA. Marvin Harrison Jr. will be a part of the NFLPA when the time comes. What this is about, what this is about, exactly. Need him on that. Need him. Harry Sanders. Yeah, he just announced yesterday he's no longer working with Madden. That's tough. That's either here or there. We do need Marvin Harrison Jr. and Madden, especially now that I'm back in Madden, would like to throw the ball to Marvin Harrison Jr. Me, Peyton Marv, Pat Jr. I mean, it'll be a thing. I will certainly do. But what I have been told is this is not an NFLPA thing. What this all revolves around is a deal that is allegedly being pitched to sophomores in college who have a name by a company named Fanatics. Now, obviously, Fanatics is involved in everything. Everywhere, everything. They even hosted the event that the WWE had at WrestleMania. It was a Fanatics event. Fanatics does the jerseys for basically every league. They do the hats for every league. They also do cards and collectibles and things like that. I guess there was an offer made to Marvin Harrison Jr. whenever he was a sophomore in college, which has happened to a lot of guys, where if you sign it for a card deal, an autograph deal, it's for four years. So it goes all the way into like your second year in the NFL. Marvin Harrison, who doesn't need the money, said, we're not taking that deal. We're not signing that deal. So allegedly what's been happening behind the scenes is a potential tiff or beef between fanatics in the Marvin Harrison camp. Now, can that be settled? We hope so. But Marvin Harrison Jr.'s camp is saying, my price as a sophomore in high school is nowhere near the same as a rookie in the NFL or a second year in the NFL. And although a lot of other college student athletes are taking this deal, we did not take this deal. So the holdup with the NFL PA deal is actually a holdup with a fanatics operation that's taking place. And that is kind of being misrepresented seemingly in some of the conversations that are happening around it. So what we have been told is the price of Marvin Harrison Jr. as a rookie in second year in the NFL is not the same as him as a sophomore in college. And there's a lot of people that signed that deal. And this will hopefully get worked out. Fanatics is allegedly telling some folks that they have a deal. They don't have a deal with Marvin. Telling others not to work. So there's a lot of behind-the-scenes shit happening business-wise. And I think what people need to remember is like Marvin Harrison Sr. has been there, done that with all this shit. The combine, the pro day, this particular deal. He's like, I understand this might work for other people, but for us, we're about ball. And if you want to do a good deal, we'll do a deal. But we're not just signing up for shit that everybody else has signed up just because everybody else has signed up for it. shit that everybody else has signed up just because everybody else has signed up for it. So this will get settled. Hopefully this will get handled. And I don't think it's as big of a deal as people are making it, but there's a lot of other student human athletes who signed these deals that locked in their rights for four years. Their price is vastly different who are having remorse for signing that deal, which takes us back to the NIL thing where we need people regulating, monitoring the contracts that are being signed, where these guys are getting actual contracts for their actual value. And any time you hear somebody say there needs to be guardrails on this, the first reaction from agents and players and family is, oh, you don't want these guys to make any money. You want the football and the schools to make money. It's like, no, I don't want these guys to sign terrible deals that lock them into a four-year deal when their worth might be 6x that as opposed to what it was when they initially signed a deal. So I think this is a great depiction of what's going on in NIL right now, what could happen, and hopefully it'll be a great example of something we can all learn from. Now, to clarify that, I hope they get a deal done. Yeah, of course. I would like an autographed Marvin Harrison Jr. card. Sure, sure. Especially as an Arizona Cardinal. But just because everybody else is signing their rights away doesn't mean Marvin Harrison Jr. is going to do that. And I think this is a good message to the future college athletes. You don't have to do it either. So whenever they offer a little bit of an enough confidence in yourself for it to make it this is kind of what college football nil is kind of at a tipping point and marvin harrison jr is probably going to be the face of uh hopefully some change for the future yeah it's almost necessary for this to happen with a guy like marvin harrison jr because if it didn't it feels like it kind of fall it makes headlines and it just falls to the wayside. There's the lineman from Florida who signed away while he was at Florida 25% of his future earnings forever. He's not the only one. No, yeah, exactly. But because it wasn't a— Forever. Yeah, forever. And he was a day-two pick to the Chicago Bears. It wasn't as if this guy is an undrafted free agent. This is SEC football, going to play in the NFL, and that happened. But again, kind of forgotten about. With Marvin Harrison Jr., you can't ignore it. I mean, this guy has been a top five pick basically since he stepped into college football, and now this is one of those things where future teams, like Travis Hunter, for instance, next year when he comes in and he's going to be one of those guys who's at the top, that, hey, instead of just blindly signing an nflpa deal like you just mentioned we were getting 50 cents a shirt even though it's all because of who you are and you're not reaping the benefits of your work on the field like if it wasn't for marvin in this situation then there probably would be a lot more tomfoolery going on behind the scenes yeah you gotta be who you can afford to be obviously yeah and you got if you're gonna bet on yourself you bet on yourself and i think some guys that's in the position like marv is with his dad being who they don't need no money so he can bet on himself and don't have to sign the card deal that's gonna lock him in for four years i don't think it should even be allowed no it's my thing i don't i don't think college it should be a whole new deal yeah like, like this Ohio State deal. But I guess this is just the new, this is just what it is. Like, hey, yeah, first two years in the NFL, last two years in college, we'll kind of lock this in. We want to be partners and everything like that. But the rate you have, and this goes to people negotiating, you need to negotiate either an opt-out in there after you leave college or an escalator. If it sells a certain amount of things it's like which adds into it even more so like with the nil deals we need somebody to hey here's the structure here's how this goes because you're talking about in marvin harrison jr is different because of his dad but like and i just say me because i'm just talking about from my particular standpoint if tim mcafee and sally mcafee and let's say i was a quarterback and i was particular standpoint. If Tim McAfee and Sally McAfee, and let's say I was a quarterback and I was a good one, Tim McAfee and Sally McAfee offered $100,000 when I was a sophomore in college. And that is 3X what my family made annually growing up this entire time. We're taking that deal. Yeah, Tim McAfee's looking at me like, yeah, what's ramifications later who gives a shit we got a hundred thousand dollars right now we got out of debt and it's like all of a sudden you're locking into a deal because you get the for show money right now and you're you're getting screwed money later and it's like all these things are what we're talking about whenever we say there needs to be guardrails because we need to protect people from signing away their rights and i'm not saying fanatics is taking advantage of anybody this is probably what they feel like is a good deal but marvin harrison's thinking this is not a good deal and i'm not signing it and they're saying it's kind of being held against them in the back end for other businesses and now it's being portrayed in a certain way so it's like it's there's a lot of moving pieces of this but i think with this big of a name this high profile of a company too with Fanatics and NFLPA being involved, maybe we'll be able to figure some shit out for the future. Yeah, you guys are talking about how that shouldn't even be allowed. And the one that Connor was talking about, the Florida de-tackle that went, it was 15% of pre-tax earnings for the next 25 years in exchange for a one-time payment of $430,000. But there's a legislator in Florida saying that that's against the law, actually, for the NIL rules in Florida. So, yes, there needs to be guardrails legally, the NCAA, everything so that these kids— Also, education. Yes. Like a whole education process. How to do deals. Yeah, because if you're not— They need a players association. Which is going to be—so UAB, I guess, started one and yeah athletes.org started one it's like okay that's awesome but what if the person running it is a scam yeah exactly you know like what who are the people that are going to be able to handle all who do you trust you literally because you got people that don't know shit it's only like if you think about what uh translator did to Shohei what's his name name? Ipe Mutsuhara. And they're tracking that money now, and that's going to be a story forever. He was a hustler. Let's just say what it is. He's a hustler, found his mark, found his fish, and he hustled the shit out of Shohei Ohtani. All you need is a couple of those to prey on 18, 19-year-old kids who come from not a lot, which high majority of people that are playing in college football don't come from a lot of shit. And it's like all you need is a couple of those, and then you can just hustle people out of millions of dollars. Yeah, and it's nothing new. And I'm glad that it's a big fish like Marv and the Harrison family that's kind of hopefully changing some of these things. So, you know, NFL and NFLPA, you hopefully changing some of these things so you know nfl and nflpa you would hope that they would want to straighten this out as soon as possible and get it going in the right direction but it's something that's kind of been happening behind the scenes forever you know you get a bag dropped on you most kids don't know what actually comes with that sometimes before it wasn't wasn't a contract it was just like hey you're going to sign with this agent or you're going to sign with this agency so it's like you see a lot of guys show up to the draft with, you know, jewelry or chains or watch like, damn, it's not even drafted yet. How this kid got money? It's because the agent, whoever, have already dropped 500, a million on it because they know it's guaranteed. Hey, they're going top five, top six, top 10 or whatever. So I'm glad to see these kind of – and it's got to be a guy like Marvin Harrison Jr. who's coming from it. You 100 grand up front. It's hard to turn that down anybody, but especially a 20, 21-year-old kid. Basketball's been doing this a long time, I think. Teenager basketball players. High school kids. Now, granted, it's different, I assume, with NIL, but that was back whenever Adidas, Nike, and everybody was competing. They would just send out these little representations of their company into high school AAU, and then they drop off money. It's like, hey, you're going to be an Adidas player later, and this is the deal you're going to sign for. And if you don't have shit, once again, it's like the people that they're presenting these offers to are like people who get real bright-eyed. And when you get bright-eyed and you see financial freedom for at least a short time, and it's a lot different now with the cost of life. You know It's a lot different now with the cost of life. I watched Blank Check with Macintosh. That's right. And I thought a million bucks would give me a mansion and a limo. A limo, a serval. And a go-kart track and all that. All you get is ice cream. Yeah, that shit ain't it anymore, especially with the taxing. He said pre-tax 15%. It's like government's taking at least 60% of your shit if you make it to the NFL. So you're getting 15% pre-tax and ending up with 40% of your money. It's like there is so much. I almost said the F word. There's so much shithousery that can kind of take place in all this. And it's like got to get it figured out. Well, that's why it's so important that it's happening now. Because I assume, too, a lot of these kids, like when you're first going in, they're probably saying He just got drafted last week, and it's like, don't rock the boat. Just sign this thing. Get this done. We don't need to have this big snag. Everybody does. Yeah, everybody does it. Every person does it. But also, if he's not doing something like this, like you mentioned, it's easy to say, hey, as an 18-, 19-year-old kid, if you're going to go maybe play in the nfl like that a hundred thousand dollars like there's gonna be more there's gonna be money in four years but in that situation especially if you come from nothing like how many kids at that age are gonna if they don't i got a loan out for 40 grand exactly to have a good time right 27 interest on that that's a terrible deal and if you don't have the right people in your ear telling you that and it's just like, okay, whatever. I don't care. I'm going to take the $100,000 and I'm going to have a great time these next few years. Great time. Yeah, I am going to have a great time in Morgantown, West Virginia or any of these college towns. It's like, who's going to stop it yes i would say 250 in cash hey man i want to do your marketing here go you 250 yeah but then what happens that's like all those george jewelry i remember aaron maybin it depends though some some people it depends on how you do the business if you do business right you know you're gonna get it back it's it's you know no real negative and you're going to have a decent career it's not really any negative now you take that bag you go sign with somebody else or you say hey that never happened i never got the bag now you may run into some repercussions i'm not saying uh my mom just texted me you actually took out two loans you're right mom, Mom. You're right. Thank you. Paid them off, though. Yeah, absolutely. And that was the plan as soon as I got them. I'm like, all right, if it doesn't work out, I'm in debt like everybody else. Literally everybody else. And if it does work out, we'll be able to pay this off quickly. Did just as such. Thank God. Had a blast. $150,000 being offered to me. I mean, it's, they got to figure that out. Legit. People are praying. Not all agents are bad. I'm not saying that. But there are scumbag agents who are bad negotiators, who don't have a moral compass at all. And they're just trying to get in how they can fit and use somebody as a notch under their belt. And it's like, we got to look out for these dudes. And women. And women. I mean, the amount of money being made in college basketball, gymnastics that's happening, it's like, we got to watch out for all this stuff, figure it out. And that's where, hey, smart people, figure it out. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is one of the toughest dudes ever to lace up skates. That's right. Last year, we saw him literally with a broken sternum, we think. Broken spine, we think. Broken femum, we think. Broken spine, we think. Broken femur, we think. Broken hand, we think. Broken shoulders, we think. Fractured skull, we think. Get taped up, pads put on him, lift it onto the ice, and pushed out and say, go play hockey. And he wanted to. That is why hockey is awesome. That's why hockey is different. From the Kachuk family. From the Florida Panthers. Who just beat the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round of the NHL playoffs. They will now see if the Boston Bruins can put the Maple Leafs away for the next round. Ladies and gentlemen, Matthew Kachuk. Brother. What's up, man? Hey, quick question. So the way we talk about what you did last year at the end of the season, broken sternum, spine, leg, both shoulders, and even a fractured skull, I know that isn't necessarily medically accurate, but whenever they were lifting you up and just, like, kind of scooting you on the ice to play, is it just the hockey mindset, like, I got to be out there for the boys because any other sport your ass would have been out for two to three weeks why do you think you guys are built different and why do you think hockey is the way it is yeah i mean i was given medical clearance to play by the doctors um they did everything they could to get me out there and ultimately it was my decision if I could handle the pain and I barely could so I was willing to go out there and help the team with whatever they needed but it was a battle for sure to just get even dressed I couldn't dress myself I had to have our equipment staff dress me and at this point in Stanley Cup playoffs all bets are off and you do whatever you can to play. Yeah, that's why hockey's awesome. You can turn that thing up, straight up and down if you want for us. Might help us. Yeah, perfect. Yep, perfect. 2024, I probably should be able to figure this out by now. Yeah, but you're in the NHL and you guys never do interviews. and Brady, I assume your family, pretty competitive growing up. We play in knee hockey. We play in the garage. How did the Kachuk family become so dominant in hockey? Well, he's fired up right now with me being in playoffs and being able to come to the games. And he's actually overseas scouting right now. and being able to come to the games. He's actually overseas scouting right now. He's with the Blues on a scouting watching, I think, U18s. He's over there working pretty hard right now. He's going to be coming back here for round two. He was fired up to CSP Tampa the other day. I think growing up, just having him as a voice, as a role model. My brother and I, at an early early age were not forced to play hockey but we had everything around us that allowed us to grow and into it and love the game so um we had him around every day just to ask about anything to help coach us teach us whatever but i'd say the biggest thing that allowed my brother and i to make it to this level was each other and we're very close in age and we're able to do everything together and um ultimately I think that's the main reason why we are where we are is because of each other and having that unbelievably close relationship and each other's best friends and each other's biggest supporters and biggest competitors as well where were you where were you born? Scottsdale. Let's go. So obviously the American hockey powerhouse continues to grow. I often wondered if America will continue to pump out hockey players because of the amount of dedication it takes from such a young age, right? I mean, I assume you – I think I heard you went up to Michigan for that USA team. You leave high school. Is that all accurate for your story to chase this hockey dream? Yeah, I left after ninth grade, left all your friends growing up and your whole life, kind of pack up and leave. And I went to Ann Arbor to play for the U.S. team, which was like a slam dunk no-brainer. I had to at that time if I wanted to make the NHL. Yeah, moved there for two years of my life where I actually did three years of school and two and I'm no brainiac but that was pretty tough um and then we went uh and then I had a year where I was either going to Notre Dame or going to London for my draft season um decided ultimately to go to London in the OHL, and then got drafted to Calgary and somehow made the team at 18. So all those years went super fast, but from ninth grade going until I made the NHL, it was a blur, but it was so much fun. Yeah, but even before that too, we're up at like 5 a.m. on the ice, right? I mean, like the commitment to become a professional hockey player, and I assume it's like this everywhere. It is very much like what you hear about Olympians in like Russia or like China where like, Hey, yeah, we're, we're actually hitting them with like actual to sharpen up their shins. Like we are, that is what it's like for hockey. Is it not? I mean, it's like full commitment, full everything, even as a young child, or am I misreading it? No, you've got it right. But that's one thing that I'm super thankful that my parents did. And my mom deserves so much credit because she was mainly the one that was getting up at 5 a.m. and taking us to those 6 a.m. practices when my dad was on the road or working or whatever. So she my dad was on the road or working or whatever so she deserves all the credit in the world but my parents and i'm super thankful looking back um at a young age like we were never allowed to play hockey 24 7 365 days a week like some of these kids do now and it's almost like these kids are all like child hockey prodigies just all in all the time. And I think that as a kid, my parents, like they were all about playing every single sport you can. So in the fall, you're playing the fall sports. In the winter, we were playing hockey. Obviously in the spring, we're playing hockey too. And then the summer, like put the hockey bag, the sticks away, go play golf, go play baseball, go play whatever you can just to get away from it and i think ultimately that's what didn't allow me to get burnt out and my love for the game just kept growing growing and growing more and when it came hockey time for hockey season i was just so fired up to play again so i think that all parents should kind of take that mindset and because i think that helped me and my brother a lot hey that's every sport every person that plays it says, hey, you need to play different sports. Because I assume some fall sports have helped you in hockey. And I assume it also helped you grow your love of sport. In the NFL, you hear every person that played in the NFL like need to play other sports. But then you hear these younger youth coaches and they're like, nah, you need to be all in all the time. It's like there's a mismessaging going on. And hopefully that narrative can change especially with you talking about it is that now how all hockey players feel in the nhl or is there a lot of diversity in sports played growing up i assume a lot of soccer right because you guys do that juggling bullshit before every single game pretty much yeah i don't i'm not that good at it but i played soccer when i was younger um i think that i think it depends where like you come from the world i think a lot of americans play a lot of different sports growing up um i know a lot of europeans are you know i would say more heavily into soccer and hockey but it's amazing though in hockey like every single sport out there like it translates to hockey some way like you're you know picking up a puck in your feet or batting it in at a midair like using baseball skills hand eye like it's amazing how much each sport like there's a little bit of sport in hockey so um i think it's important to do that and yeah i'd say probably americans mainly are more well-rounded. I'm going to get in trouble for saying that. No, no, say it. USA! USA! USA! USA! Yeah, let's take you back to Ann Arbor, brother. Last question for me before the boys have some questions. You have a diehard Panthers fan here on the set. He loves the hockey. He can't wait to chat with you. My question for you is when did you guys learn how to cheat like you did against Tampa Bay with the goalie interference? Do you guys have full practices for that, or how does that work? No. I don't know. Don't touch Bob. That's my way. There won't be any problems. Did you guys hear all the noise and chatter about this? Obviously, you end up winning by three goals in a day. It doesn't even matter. But did you hear the chatter afterwards, mostly from me and others trying to draw up a little drama about how this goalie interference rule is so bullshit? I mean, it's ticky-tacky. You can't do anything. Did you hear the chatter? How does the team feel about getting a nice first-round win and moving forward now waiting on Toronto and Boston? To answer the first part, I did not hear the chatter. I was celebrating the win. And I don't know. Like, we're at that weird little spot right now where, like, the series that we're playing the winner of, like, you know, is going um another few days and um we're just like we we are really excited to get a few days of rest and get rejuvenated here but it's playoffs and you just want to be out there playing but some of the best part of playoffs is like hanging out with the boys and the lounges on the road and um like watching other games throughout the league so i don't. I think we're going to take this, take these few days off. They're very important for us and use them wisely and watch some games and watch some hockey, see who we're playing. It's always nice to hang with the lads, especially whenever, you know, the light in a tunnel is near every, this could be your last couple of games with the boys, this particular team. And that kind of heightens the appreciation of the moments that you have. I couldn't even imagine that Florida Panthers team in the lounges looking around. Now, diehard Florida Panthers fan, Darius Butler has a question for you. First of all, I just want to thank you, Chuck, for bringing greatness down to South Florida. Way to go, man. You called Chuck. Last, Chucky, is what I called him. But last three postseasons, we won the most series so far with five. But you guys dominated the postseason. Bring the moments to it, families. Got a chance to bring my dad to his first hockey game last year. When you guys think Eastern Conference Finals against the Canes. So great job, obviously. But I just want to ask you, how hard are those closeout games when it comes to closing out these series? Because obviously the Boston Bruinsins struggling a little bit over there more than I thought they would. How hard are those closeout games in the NHL playoffs? The fourth game in a playoff series is always the hardest to win because, you know, no matter what you are in the series, whether you're up 3-0, 3-1, 3-2, it's game seven. Like the other teams so desperate playing for their lives and you have to find a way to match that or exceed that. And it is challenging to win that one, especially when you're up three, zero or three one, like we were on this past series. But you know, it's, it's so rewarding when you're out there and you know that you play your game and you play well and you live to fight another few weeks. So that was kind of our mindset last game and you know there was no i'd say at the beginning of the game we were playing not to our standards playing a little tight um but towards the end of the game like we were flying we were making plays we were so comfortable and confident in that moment and i don't know i feel like we definitely matched their desperation against Tampa last game. And I think that's going to go well for us. If we continue that speed, obviously you got to be skilled in the book. Speed feels like one of the most important factors a team can have on whether or not they're going to win Stanley cup or not. Your guys' team is explosive. Obviously always has been speed matters, right? Like for instance, I'm a diehard Pittsburgh Penguins fan. You're lucky. Hey, you and the Panthers are lucky. Especially when the Caps somehow get in there and just get swept the hell out. But the Penguins, we seemingly got a little older and we got slower. You watch the regular season games, it's like, we're not as fast as the other teams. That's going to be problematic. You find in the playoffs, speed is a big-time weapon, and is that an accurate read on playoff hockey? Yeah, that's accurate. I feel like speed, a lot of team speed is very important, like being close together and moving as a five-man unit. But to me, the biggest thing in playoffs is physicality, size, competitiveness, willing to do absolutely whatever it takes. You don't have to sky to make a huge impact in playoffs. I'd say staying healthy and being healthy is probably the most important, and then the rest follows after that. Connor's got a question for you. Yeah, Matt. As a Massachusetts Middlesex County guy, let me just say it's an honor to be talking to the bloodline of the pride of Melrose. We were talking to John Butchergross, and I think P.K. Subban also mentioned this. Home ice in the playoffs, they say, isn't really a thing. And the game tonight actually stars Vegas. No one has won a home game for either of those teams. Is that real? Is that something that the players, you guys, think about? Like, hey, even though we are in Tampa or Boston or Toronto, it's kind of the same game. It doesn't really affect you guys as much? Or is that something that is more of a reality of the NHL playoffs? That's a tough question. That's a tough question because last year— Hey, welcome to journalism, pal. That's what we do here. Welcome to journalism. That's tough because last year in playoffs, our team was lights out on the road, and it didn't matter where we would have played. We would have found a way to most likely win on the road. We were just feeling it like that. But, I mean, when playing in Florida, we have such great fans in the building so loud that I think home ice is super important for us. Having that extra game ultimately, that potential game seven at home. You always want to have that at home. I don't know. I think our fans are so loud and we've made this rink here in Florida a tough place to play. I think home ice is important for our team. It's just an extra layer that you can add to the series and having that extra momentum for your side but um i don't know i think we got great fans so i think it's important for us yeah it's different down there he can hear you and your dad yeah it's different down there is it yeah all the rats getting out there and get rowdy wait south florida you wouldn't expect that but yeah it's too hot hockey there. It shouldn't be a lot. It's nice and cool in there. It's way too hot for Penguins just to be walking around. Where's it, Sunrise? Sunrise, Florida, yeah. Where's that at? Fort Lauderdale, Broward County. Where's Hollywood? In between Palm Beach and Miami. Hollywood is a little closer, more south, closer to Miami. in that oh never mind don't tell us that's a weird question i live in uh most of the guys lived here in fort lauderdale so you guys got an elbow don't look out save the elbow room for the off season save the elbow room for yeah yeah everybody okay everybody it's everybody yeah there's no over room playoffs until uh until hopefully we win it all one day we're gonna celebrate big there but yeah no playoffs at all in the room yet. That's where the family goes every game. Big Walt walking his ass into the Oboe room. Love everything about it. Let's talk about last year into this year. Pac-Man's got a question for you. Yeah, I told D, but, you know, y'all had a great series last year. Unbelievable. But what can you take from that series to get you out to the Cup this year? We learned a lot. Like, we basically, I mean, we made it all the way to the finals, so we know what it takes to get there. But I think for us to ultimately finish the job, staying healthy is super important. And just we playing a really, really, really tough Vegas team last year in the finals, they were big, they were strong, they were so good defensively. So I think we can take that part of it and learn from it. But, you know, we've learned in the last year and almost two years exactly what it takes to win it all. So each year you pick up more things. And I think that our team this year, we have like 13 or 14 returning guys from last year. So a lot of experience in this room in those high-pressure situations, which for us aren't high-pressure. So I think that's very important, having the experience and going through it once. And I don't know, I really, really, really like our team. So hopefully we can have another great run this year. The lads got a lot of chemistry going into round two. Will it be against the Bruins or Maple Leafs? Probably Bruins, I guess. I saw a bear doing something. A fake bear doing something. Ty's got a question for you, Kachuk. Yeah, Matthew, you mentioned having a couple days off and how you guys are pretty juiced about that right now. Just curious, in terms of fatigue, have you noticed, because they always talk about in basketball, LeBron's either went to a conference championship or a finals 18 years in a row. He just plays so much more than anyone else. Coming off a run deep into the Stanley Cup finals last year, did you notice the season being longer this year? Because you guys turn around and start the next season so quick, and you obviously didn't have very much time in between like has that come into play now at all or once the playoff start is it kind of just like you get a new lease on life and you're ready to go yeah so last year we were playing playoff hockey in like january because of where we were in the standing so we didn't have that luxury that we had this year of knowing we're going to be in playoffs and we weren't resting down the stretch, but we were kind of fine-tuning our game. Whereas, as opposed to last year, it was game seven every single game until we got to playoffs. So we were playing playoff hockey before we got there. So I think this year, to answer your question, it really just feels like one really long year. But once you get to playoffs and we knew we were going to be in playoffs this year, just fine-tuning our game before, kind of when you get to playoffs, you feel so fresh. It's like a whole new season. So fatigue hasn't played a factor in us at all, even though we went for a really long run last year. And winning the first series in five always helps, gives you a few extra days. But we have a really good plan here, a great staff that gives us everything we need to be ready to go come game time. So I think we feel really fresh right now. And now after a few days, we're chomping at the bit to get back playing again. You hockey players are psychos, though, you know, like actual psychos. Because other sports, we do take a break. You know, some guys stay in shape throughout the entire break but i think i've watched some of your off seasons not yours directly but hockey player you guys are like have to remain in shape right because of how demanding the sport is as a whole i've seen some of these leg exercises that you guys do and some of the conditioning shit that you guys do in the offseason, you're madmen. You're absolute madmen. And that's a compliment in the biggest fashion. Do you feel like the hockey players are the most conditioned athlete out of professional sports? I don't want to speak because I don't know what other sports do, but we train super hard. I mean, we have to. 82 games plus playoffs with travel and everything, you have to be pretty dialed in and be in great shape to be able to maintain that throughout the whole season. But, oh, no, hockey players still have a little bit of fun in the summer too. So we're not completely – Yeah, but I heard you guys are booze bags while doing it. Yeah. Which makes you guys like super humans. I can't speak for everybody there, but the hockey players, they're a lot of fun guys. Well, I've heard some tales. I've heard you get some of the Russians over there. Nice weather year-round in Florida. What, are they supposed to not have a good time? What do you want? There's a beach right there. Yeah, elbow room's wide open. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Well, we know you've been going to every single one of them. That's all you do. You a golfer? Yeah, just played the other day, so I like to play on my off days here in Florida. Hockey players are normally pretty good golfers, right? You're a stick? I mean, I'm all right. I've been a lot better since I got traded down to Florida playing more. Oshie and Pavelski in Tahoe are always top five. Oshie was out till 6am tea time 7.15am and somehow with his wife, I think his wife was even powering through and I'm like, I'm the softest guy of all time. I have no idea how you hockey players are machines. That is no joke. Speaking of hockey, Nicky Skates has a question for you in the back. Matthew, you obviously acquired a lot of things from your father. Your good looks, your legendary play on the ice. I didn't know Big Walt was a big handsome fellow. Your dad should be in the Hall of Fame, by the way. But I just wanted to ask you, there's a couple infamous stories about guys getting traded to the team. He was on coming into the locker room and big Walt would be there to greet him with a robe on. And he would say, Hey, there's two rules on my team past big Walt, the puck, and don't ever effing forget rule. Number one, have you adopted any of that stuff? Have you taken that in your game in terms of either the robe or the rules that big Walt played by? I like the rules. I don't go with the road, but I do like the rules. But I don't know. I'm not as maybe firm with my meeting guys and saying that being the first thing I say to them. But he had no problem with that as well. Maybe when I get a little bit older. But he had two rules for us. It was just compete, be a good teammate. With me and my brother, it was pretty simple, but I guess with his teammates, he was a little bit firmer with, I would say. A good teammate, though, especially if you give him the puck. Yeah, it feels like that's a Kachuk thing. We appreciate you joining us, brother. Enjoy the sun. You're watching the games, obviously, between Toronto and Boston, paying attention to the whole picture? What are you focused in on? Yeah, we'll be watching the games tonight. They don't play tonight, but they play tomorrow. So we'll be tuning into that and seeing who we play. But I got a question for you guys. I can't be honest without asking you guys. I know you guys are a lot of NFL background there. So who am I taking in fantasy for a rookie quarterback this year? So who am I taking in fantasy for a rookie quarterback this year? Drake May, that's the easiest question I've ever heard in my entire life. That's a Patriots fan. Yeah, but you said – Jay James. So you're taking a rookie quarterback in fantasy? Well, like if you're going to take a rookie quarterback – This guy sucks at fantasy. Don't take a – There's like – what are they, keepers? So like you take somebody after the 7th or 8th round, and these young quarterbacks keep them or something. I'm just trying to build a good team here for the future, guys. For next year. He'll run for another 700, 800 yards. Jaden Daniels, Washington Commanders would be probably the best. Is fantasy big in the NHL? Do all the teams have fantasy leagues? Yeah, you guys football fans? We're huge sports fans, but yeah, NFL fans and there's some really good fantasy. I'm sure every single team has a fantasy football league, so it's a big thing in the NHL. Are you good or you get ragdolled in it? No. You get dummied in it? Obviously, I'm not that good if I'm looking for some inside. No, it's not bad. You might be better than everybody you're looking for inside. I'm not the right guy to go to. I think all these rookies are going to suck for the first year. I don't know how they're going to do it. Like, C.J. Stroud, what he did is just like an anomaly. It's so hard to be a quarterback in the NFL as a fifth-year person, let alone first year Like Anthony Richardson, is he kind of a rookie? Because he only played like five games last year? That's the one. Yeah, I had him, so hoping he can. Damn. Yeah. We did too. He was really good. Hopefully he stays healthy. He's awesome to watch. Yeah, Chuck, we need maybe you to work out with him a little bit. Yeah. We've had the Dolphins on the drum pregame too down there. We've had Jalen Waddell. Waddell was on the drum last time. Ramsey. Jalen Ramsey. No Tua? No Tua yet. I told myself last game if I was scoring, I was going to do the Waddell because he was there. He can still do it. That would be sweet. Are you a big celebrator? We do a lot of dancing? No, but I would have done it. He's my favorite football player, so I would have done it if he was there. Well, he was there. I would have done it if I was scored, for sure. Why don't he just go to another game? Yeah. What the hell? Let's get him on the drum. One a year? Come on, Jay. He'll see it. If you do it, he'll see it. Stanley Cup. Former sixth overall pick to Calgary as an 18-year-old after playing in London. I did not expect that. London Cup? London, Ontario? I thought the other London. England the whole time, yeah. Yeah, me too. You had to go to England to play hockey? Massive hockey community in London. London, England? No, London where he played. Canada sucks, man. Make it easy. That place blows, brother. We've learned a lot about Canada over the last couple days on the internet. That's just some bad tweets. Not everybody. You can't pile everybody in the same pot. Ladies and gentlemen, legend for the Florida Panthers and a man who's going to do the waddle next goal he scores, which is probably or potentially going to be against Patty Maroon and a Boston Brew. Can only hope. Ladies and gentlemen, Matthew Kachuk. Cheers, dude. He's got a sweet Twitter handle, too. Kachucky Cheese. Wow. That is good. That's why you call him Chucky, D-Buck. That's what we call him. You did seem like a natural there. You call him by a nickname. Chucky. Ch there where you go and buy a nickname. Chucky, Swaggy, Bob, Captain. That's a good nickname. Right, Nick Nance? Captain. It's the captain. He just does everything right. Skip. You brought that bobblehead. Did you put it on there? I put it on, yeah. You did that the other day as we were talking the hockey. It's got food. It'll let people know I'm not just all talk. Correct. I've got the gimmicks here as well. Same for gays. The Marvin Harrison Jr. stuff is going on the internet. Really? All the replies underneath. They agree with Marv about one company, it feels like. Oh, no. Listen. Baseball uniforms. Yeah. Mania seats. Stuffing on toes. Decorum at big events. They leaked the Lions uniforms. I didn't say a company. No, no, me neither. I was just throwing out stuff. I mean, tops, too. Shoot, they're trying to take the most expensive cards from these kids. The rookie cards are the only ones that matter. Yeah, you're right. Like, legitimately. It's not just me as a sophomore. Yeah, the only cards that matter, the most expensive ones are the rookie cards. I got a text from some random number who said, his name's Jason. We met when I was doing sports marketing for Modelo Sporting Goods. Okay. Sure. Locked in. Love Modelo. Dick's Guild. Sorry, bud. Shout out to Dick's. House of Sport showcases the best from top brands in apparel, footwear, and equipment. J.J. Watt lives there. It's a fun place to be. It is. You can climb a wall. You can hit a ball. You can punch somebody. I mean, Dick's House of Sport is phenomenal. Take your kids and go have a night for free. Yeah. Now, I don't know if we're supposed to be marketing that as like a for-free thing, but you need to go. Buy something, you know? Maybe buy something. If you go in there, you're going to buy something. You know when you go into a cafe, you need to dump so you buy like a dollar coffee or something like that so you can use the bathroom? Of course. We expect you to do that if you go into Dick's just to show some decorum in there. Sure. But you need to get in there and just wander around. There is so much shit in there. It is fantastic. Yeah, McDowell's is dead because Dick's House of Sport is obviously the best. He told me legally, and I don't know if this is every single state, and I don't have a clue who this person is. His name might not be Jason. Yeah, no last name kind of scares me a little bit. It says legally NIL deals are not supposed to go beyond college. Cannot bridge me a little bit says legally nil deals are not supposed to go beyond college cannot bridge from college to pros so the fact i guess that this is being even presented to some people is potentially a talking point to start with let alone everything else that's going on that's what i i saw in that florida kids article the the nil uh laws in florida is once you're done with college and you go to a pro that nil deal does not carry over anymore. Legally, because they put those guardrails on there so that wouldn't happen. So when I was reading that, I said, oh, that's very interesting because that's kind of what we were talking about. Yeah, is that a state deal? If it's a college deal, it sounds like it is state by state. Great state of Florida. But if it's a college deal, it For you. Shout out Ron. It sounds like this is going to be over real quick. It does feel like this. Yeah. We can spur a little action here. Yeah. Yeah, which is good. But once again, there's, I don't know, just off the top of my head, a thousand things that need to get figured out. Yeah. With, you know what I mean? Like, there's so many players. Each team has a hundred-some players. of players who matters who doesn't then there's guys that get into like their junior senior year they know they're not going to be nfl guys so now they're trying to get as much money as possible so what's going on there who's preying on them what about the deals if you don't play as much and you signed a big deal before and the company decides not to pay you like who's who's the ones that are going to crack down on that like is there is that the government that's going is that the school well no because the school's not allowed to be involved in some states it's a cluster over the in the college sports and we once again we can't state this enough smart people figure it out speaking of smart people figuring out you see what dea did yes what's that i'm not saying they're smart people i have no idea but there's some smart people. Cannabis has been dropped down to a schedule three. It's about time. It was a schedule one up there. Now it's schedule three. That's what's being presented. It has to be passed and okayed. That's good news. Great. What does that mean? I hate when they do. So three is lighter than one? Yes. do that you think three is stronger than one it should be because it's higher yeah but one is like class one you know that's like a big deal like d1 d3 that's kind of what's happening to cannabis here okay now wait that one yeah well don't have two f2 three f1 sucks and the fact that they exist is ruining our playoff shit for this sunday because ab it. This is what happened with Marvin Harris. They tried to pitch. ESPN and Disney signed a deal with F1 when F1 was a reality TV show. Sure. And then now this contract has to uphold for Sunday when actual sports have playoffs that can take place. But no, can't do it. Why? Because these European elitists with their shitty cars have to be shown on ABC. I am. I'm bummed out. I'm bummed out about it. This F1 now is affecting my life directly. I don't like it. I don't like it at all. You see the Red Bull guys leaving? Yeah, I see what D-Buck compared them to. Ernie Adams. It's fair. That was maybe the most disgusting thing I've ever read in my life. You That was maybe the most disgusting thing I've ever read in my life. You don't know, okay? I do. That is the mastermind. It's F1 and the greatest dynasty in football, D-Butt. That's not comparable. We're complaining about Red Bull in every race, right? Who designed their car? Who gives a shit? Adrian Newey. It still sucks no matter what, dude. Sack of wine. Now that we're talking racing, we are in May in Indianapolis. Here we go. Big month here in Indy. Pumped. Start a racing channel so people who don't give a shit don't have to ever see F1 or NASCAR or IndyCar or anything. Speed channel. Yeah, okay. Put everything that's on ESPN, ABC, anything that people who actually want to watch real sports, put it on there. I'm sick of it. I forgot it was May 1st. Driving into work today. Oh, great. Here we go. All the checkered flags straight over everyone's house. Hey, it's May in Indy. Guess what? Some of us don't give a shit. That's your problem. You're wrong. No, I'm not. Indianapolis is alive. I Indianapolis is alive. I'm so sick of it. Maybe the best month in a city in the country is May in Indianapolis. Pools are opening. You don't mean that, okay? I appreciate that you're going to pound the gavel for it, and I respect it. And listen, I've been to the Indy 500. What are you talking about? He's going to be at Fast Friday and Silly Saturday and Race Day. It's Carp Day, damn it! You're an asshole. I think you have to be proud. You'll be there all three days, right? There's nothing silly about Saturday. Okay? That's a big day. It's a big day. Carb Day. Yeah. Carb-a-ray-er. Qualifier Day. Come on. Who's going to pull the Indy 500? Jason Newgarden, probably. Okay, good. I'll make sure I get the hell out of here for that weekend. You don't get it, Ty. You know what? I'd rather go down to my local gas station and just stare at a brick wall for four hours, and I think that's what I might do. Come on. That's all right. No. If you've never been to an Indy 500, you should be. We'll see you in about three minutes. Cheers. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially, like it's... Dan! Dan! Another farting Dan Orlovsky situation just took place. Dan, he dumps! What do you mean? It's unbelievable. Oh, you're playing that back. I did not fart. Oh, I did. It's two times now, Dan. This is an Orlovsky thing. Are you guys be serious right now or are you messing with me? Dan. Listen to this clip. This is you just moments ago. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially. Like, it's... Dan. Whoa. I mean, undeniable. You guys definitely... You guys definitely freaking idiots. No, we swear. We're dead. We're dead. We swear. You guys are a thousand percent joking now. No, we swear. We swear. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. There's What did you eat? I haven't even ate yet. If I were you right now, I'd go grab some good ones. My wife texted me. She said, oh my gosh, McAfee show. I'm dead. I go, Gabe, I promised you my everything. I did not fart. Who runs your Twitter account? AB. I do. What's this all about? I would like to know, in that situation where your butthole started talking what did i do i can't even be serious with you man what are you chucking a glass of milk eat some fruit over there get you some coffee get that butthole a little more active i haven't ate i'm eating yogurt i have a thousand text messages right now with people going oh my gosh i'm like i just wanted to have like a quiet tuesday i don't even know why we're gonna have another hour maybe run that clip just yeah yeah on loop the video. Shams, let's let you judge here. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those. Essentially. Like it's. I need to hear the context. I want to give our guy. Oh, Shams, shut up. He said it sounded like a fart. What did AJ vote? It's a fart all day long, Kurt. You know that. voted no. Damn. I'll be the captain of team no today. We need you to do a tie-breaking vote. Is that okay? Sounds good to me. It's impossible to be at the top at both of those, essentially. Like it's no doubt. I mean, I like how he just kept on going right there. When he was talking, he didn't even break stride as that thing came out. He went and got the buggy, went to the store, grabbed some dude wipes to wipe those ass cheeks just like i assume you do as welcome you have to go dry wet dry toilet paper white toilet paper if not you're really risking the rest of the day having the swamp ass no dan orlowski man he gotta accept that man he gotta wear that with a pride one thing that really bothers me when people do not take credit for it you know if somebody says oh that was you that farted i get upset when it wasn't me i'm like no when am i ever not claimed credit for it you know if somebody says oh that was you that farted i get upset when it wasn't me i'm like no when am i ever not claimed it when it was mine you should claim it what all those airports people are traveling today looking up at the espn and we're asking farts what's wrong with this guy the closed captioning person whoever it is they got i believe it said inaudible muffled muffled and it said dan farts exclamation mark i think a couple The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Scatter! Scatter! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Fork! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On Wednesday, it's gonna be May 1st, 2024. Hour 2 of the program starts now. Sports! And business, and drama, and controversy, and playoffs, and bullshit is all happening around us as we continue to chat every single day about the sports world that we're lucky to be a part of. The Talks at Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Ty, you're wrong about Indianapolis and May, pal. I just want to let you know that I wouldn't have took a piss after you just had your entire thing. You have no idea how much fun this month is going to be here in Indianapolis. Yeah, of course. Listen, I've been to it before. Okay, so you can do all this kind of stuff. I've seen it with my own two eyes. And I don't ever need to go again. If you love racing, that's fine. I'm not taking a shot at you. I'm just saying, when you live in Indianapolis or the greater Indianapolis area, it gets shoved down your goddamn throat, okay? And some of us don't like that. 300,000 people coming to Indianapolis every single day. We can't even watch it. That is part of the problem. That is part of the problem. Then you sell it out. You sell it out. You get to watch it. It's the greatest spectacle in racing. It's the greatest event ever. Why is it not getting sold out? It's 10 miles of seats. You need 750,000 people to sell it. Then get it done. Then get it done. I don't want to hear it. Get it done then. You know why it doesn because after three minutes and you hear those loud engines, the first three minutes are awesome. And then, boy, does it lose its luster fast. No, there's a rave going on inside. DJ Diesel's doing his thing. Yeah, no thanks. I don't give a shit about that. I don't want to go do that. I'm there to enjoy the race. But it's tough to enjoy the race when you don't give a rat's ass. That's what I'm saying. It's not for me. Okay, well, don't project your feelings on me. Well, that's why I'm saying everyone who's getting pissy and who's upset, listen, enjoy it. You go enjoy it. Just don't make me feel like I have to enjoy it because I'm not going to. Okay? Breaking news. You don't care about DJ Diesel? Okay, you can take that up with Shaq. Timmy Trumpet is performing. What? Or the Indy. You're telling me you don't want to see that? The Indy 500 is a spectacle. Not only is it the greatest race ever. Oh, I didn't know Sullivan King was going either. Yeah! And Griffin! Dondola! Excision, though. It's just not for me. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying That's all I'm saying You're allowed to have it Everybody who's going Enjoy it Enjoy carb day Enjoy whatever other Qualies Yeah, qualies And the race itself Enjoy it It's not silly Saturday It's qualies That's this guy This guy's skidding off Pretty well Because I know He agrees with me 150% He just won't say it. One half of the hammer. Cowboy is also a hater. Tone Dix. No, no, no. I do agree about the Indy 500, but I'll be there for the Brickyard 400 because Rubbin is racing, brother, and ain't no Rubbin during the Indy 5, okay? Are you kidding me? You see Scott Dixon two years ago? His car actually goes upside down, upside down, flying through the sky. Because they're not built to be rubbing. Remember that tire that went all the way over the thing? Shot into the car. Another reason not to go. Oh, now you're scared. You little bitch. That's what you two are. You guys are scared of the Indy 500? Just tell us. Just say that. Just say you're not confident enough. You're going to be able to survive. I'm scared of getting bored to death. Bingo. Well said, Tony. 12 years as a corner in the NFL. Man, have you experienced the Indy 500 yet? Yeah. You have? Yeah. Great times. No. Well, what happened? It was probably raining that day. Yeah, it was probably a bad day. In fact, Ben Hey, Pac-Man Jones is here. You've done the Indy 500? Yeah, it wasn't a good day. It's a long day. It's a long day. You're signing up for a long day. Long day. It's hard to get out. A loud day, too. Getting out of it's very tough. That's the worst part. 350,000 people trying to get out of a place in Indianapolis. One road, everything's closed. Yeah. One road, everything's closed. Yeah, it's tough. Those things, it's not what it's about, though. It's about experiencing, wow, what you guys are doing right now needs to stop. Okay, it's criminal. You guys are acting like this is an F1 race. Speaking of, ladies and gentlemen, nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler is here. F1 Miami this weekend. Yep, you saw what Steven Ross got offered. No, I didn bag. What was it? I saw $10 billion. For everything, though, not just the race, like teams, all of Stephen Ross' stuff, he was offered $10 billion. By who? And he said no? Mm-hmm. He said he entertained it, but at the end of the day, he said nah. Who offered him? Wants to keep it in the family, he said. Who? Yeah, who was it? It did not see it in there. $10 billion cash? Yes. That'd be tough to say no. We're talking about these college kids. Get $100,000 in front of them. What a hero, Stephen Ross. Nobody's ever said that. Nobody's ever said that about Stephen Ross. An offer of $10 billion Dolphins valuation soars partly... Oh, this is F1 trying to sneak in. This is you guys trying to out. It said I made more from the race than I made all season long from the games and the teams. But I've been in the 500 as well. It was all right. That was actually my introduction to motorsport. It was great. You guys are underselling this thing. It is a spectacle. There's only one race in the entire country that is like the Indy 500. It is sweet. It's a great time. This is what we do. On Indy 500 day, watch the race in Monaco in the morning for F1. It'll be on. Watch it. Go to your local go-kart track. See if that's better than that bullshit that F1 puts out there in Monaco in their Super Bowl, and then go ahead and watch the Indy 500 and see what happens. You're going to see cars flipping, going 200-something miles an hour. It is... It was cool. You three. It was cool. I went to the 500 once. The highlight was finishing my bottle of whiskey and getting the hell out of there. Dude. See? That's not... I will tell you, glamping was fun, though. I didn't see anything like Dega at the 500. If they incorporate some of the stuff I saw at Dega going on. I agree. I'm not letting you guys talk about May, Indianapolis experience like this much longer. How about all the events? So many events. The parade. The parade is sick, dude. It's everything. Everything. You guys are missing it all. Diggs wants more Talladega. A guy just It's everything. Everything. You guys are missing it all. Diggs wants more Talladega. Guy just wants to see boobs, and that's going to get him to watch races. That's out there at the Coke Lot. I mean, you go out to the Coke Lot. Well, you saw at Talladega. That's four straight nights. I was talking about a super speedway with rubbing. Okay, going 200 miles. Super speedway. That's what it is. That's what it is. I am so sick of the ignorance that is being spewed from this program. People always say that we're part of the problem. I think right now, they're right. They are right. You, you, you. Who's the greatest racer of all time? Mario Andretti. Wrong. Dale Earnhardt. Okay? NASCAR. Well said. Okay. That's a good call. He would have picked Indy if was a real racing circuit. It ain't. It's more so where he was born, probably, but I understand what you're saying. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man who can settle this debate. Any 500 sounds like an event he would love. Yeah. Oh, yeah. College football national champion, Super Bowl champion, Ryder Cup winner, ladies and gentlemen, A.J. Hawk. Yeah! A.J., 300,000 people packed into one spot It's about 150 degrees, you're getting sunburned It's hard to get drinks and food But what you're watching is something that's going to be talked about forever Right? Yeah, just a majestic environment From what I hear, I'm actually named after the great indie racer AJ Foyt That is partly why I have my name AJ, the initials I never been to a race My grandpa went to the time trials, the quals, as you guys may call them. He used to go do all of that, so he was big into it. I have not been. I have zero desire to go, actually, to tell you the truth. Telling Diggs you did some quick research. A.J. Foyt is Anthony Joseph, not Aaron James. Not like he's like my dad and I'm a junior, but yes, after. One of the Foyt boys is now part of the Indianapolis Colts, married one of the Irsay daughters. I think his name's – don't get it wrong. Aaron James after AJ Hawk. I think his name. It ain't even put a junior at the end. You guys are really selling it, though. I've never been, but you guys really make it something that I think people are going to run, not walk, and try to get to this event. It sounds amazing. It is awesome. I'm pumped to go this year. I'm going this year. The first couple laps, what, three, four laps? Or is it really cool? And then you're thinking, okay, what do I do for the next the entire pageantry to start the thing. Agreed. It's cool. It's awesome. Incredible. Yeah, the person who goes up in the big thing and starts it off is kissing a bird, right? Isn't that part of it? That's the very end. Okay. That's the very end. Only if you win, you get to be straight. You're right, though. I will say, you should go once. Absolutely. There we go. Without a thousand. But if you're not a massive racing fan and you've been once, you will never want to go again. That's all I'm saying. So I would not be going. Okay. Probably. Ever again. For a long time. Yeah. Well, you guys have kids. That's why I'm going. You guys told me, like, hey, you got to go. Have you ever done it before? Just the one year. That we were there? Yeah. That was not the right way to do it. See, I thought that was awesome. The second time we did it, we did the live show from there, and we did it in the garage, and they just had the engines revving the whole time. Oh, yeah, that was great. And they were charging people like $350 to come watch our show. Yeah. That was really good. That was fun I didn't know that. Yeah, it was great. I don't know if I'm going to know. So how do the people get in here? Well, they got to buy this pass. Well, how much is the best $350? Okay. That was very nice of you guys to do that. Everybody else is out there. Yeah, you guys are in here. We told them you'd all take pictures with them and all that kind of stuff afterwards, too. Good people over there. It's a great trophy. Yeah, it is. Port Warner trophy? Yeah, absolutely. The Brian Baller trophy? It side-eyes everybody and gives them nasty looks the entire time? Is that what it does? All right. AJ, I don't know if you heard. Why is that guy always side-eyeing me? I don't know. It was weird. I don't think he thinks he's doing it. I don't think he thinks he's doing it. He saw a clip, I think, one time. He was always the third. I caught one live at Tahoe this year. I'm always, like, so high when I'm around him because it's out in Tahoe. You know, it's like a couple days off, and it's like, why does this fat bastard keep side-eyeing me? I'm not an office fan. I will smack this guy in the mouth. That's all I keep thinking in my head the entire time. I'm like, why is this guy keep side-eyeing me? And everybody's like, he's a good guy. He's a funny guy. He does those cameos. He's a good guy. I'm like, well, somebody needs to tell him that I, too, pretty good guy. Pretty good guy, too. And he stopped looking at me like this. Literally every single time he looks at me, that guy. I'm like The one time he came up kind of right behind you and was almost staring over you talking to AJ, and then you chimed in, and that's when it was like, all right, break. And then he kept going. That's got debts with everybody on the course. Hey, don't you be side-eyeing me. Why don't you pay everybody that you lost to, pal? Keep it moving. Anyways. I didn't know we were going there today. That was awesome. 8 I didn't know we were going there today. That was awesome. 8,500 gets everybody juiced up. That guy's main flag racing. That guy's the best. Wide open. Yeah, I don't like that guy at all. And I'm sure he's great. Everybody's seen him. AJ likes him. Aaron loves him. Well, there's some other people we don't like we could probably talk about too. Who's that? Protesters? Yeah, we have a plane getting set up. Oh, yeah. If nobody's going to do it, I'll do it. To whom much is given, much is required. That's right. How come nobody has done this? I feel like it's the right play. For all these protesters, okay, I will get a 757. I'll pay for it. Me personally. Let's send them to Gaza. Boots on the ground. To help out, you mean? Yeah. I will do it. You want to take down America? That's very generous. That is very generous of you. Thanks. I think so, too. Supporting the cause. How come nobody else has done this? I've been watching American flags get taken down and then everything go up and buildings getting taken over by the smartest people we have and all these Ivy League things. It's like, I appreciate your passion. I very much do. Let's make the world a better place. I will get to 757. You can all hop in. Go right on over there. Boots on the ground. Let's make some real change. Let's do that. I'm a hero. Seems reasonable. Let's let kids go to class. I'm happy we're figuring things out here. Baumgartner, bum. In my eyes. Huge Kevin Malone fan. Everybody around me likes this guy. I don't like him, personally. And 757 on the house. Okay. Look at this. Rabbit, rabbit, baby. Making change. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Look at this. Rabbit, rabbit, baby. Making change. It's May in Indianapolis. Yep. It's awesome. It's cold. It's cold. Gets everybody juiced up. Something that hasn't already been done. I don't know how I'm the first person to say that. Nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler. Is F1 done after this Sunday on ABC, or is this the last deal that we have to see it in the United States of America? Oh, no. Nobody's watching, are they? F1 will be around for a long, long time. We can't watch any of the playoffs because F1 is on ABC live from? No, Miami. Great. That'll be good. I wonder who's going to win. Well, Ruud van Baumgart, whatever the hell this guy's named, Max Vanderstappen is going to win. We know that. But his time's coming up I guess quickly because the guy that's the big brain behind it all is gone. The Ernie Adams left, I heard. You guys are falling along. That's not exactly apples to apples I feel like in the comparison, but hey, I get it. Alright, let's talk about some stuff happening around sports before Ryan Poles joins us in five minutes. Once again, I just want to help with that 757. Yeah. They seem passionate. We're talking taking over buildings. We need water. That one. Okay. This is a thing you should have thought of whenever you're taking over. Hey, do what you got to do. You're making the world a better place. Sweet, but don't be begging for water when you're in the middle of it. It's hard to take you serious. It's hard to take you serious right now. You know, I think that's how a lot of us felt. But we appreciate what you're doing and what you're saying. Who knows if you're right and when you're older you might look back and say, wow, we Over there, at least. That's what I'm trying to do. That's a hero. This is a sports person. Exactly. I can't believe I'm the first person to do it. Let's talk about a situation brewing in sports, about a team that is obviously going to be covered very closely with everything that they do. And the reason why it's going to be covered with everything that they do is because their ratings, whenever they're on the field, through the roof. Their head coach dynamic one of the most dynamic personalities and athletes in the history We're talking about the Colorado Buffaloes Dion Sanders's team now last year started out hot. Here we go We're doing it everything we said about the Louis bags that we're bringing into Colorado. We're taking to school It's been irrelevant for a long time and we're making them relevant. We're bringing in millions Of dollars to the local economy. We're turning this whole place around, and it's the Deion Sanders crew coming in and doing it. Then, you know, they lose all the games. They kind of go down quickly. In the world that wanted to see them fail, got very, very excited. This offseason, you bring in some different coaches, bring in some more coaches, bring in some more players. And in doing so, some players leave. More specifically, a man named Xavier Smith. Okay? Xavier Smith came out and did an article with The Athletic. And he actually talked a couple of different things. I was actually getting mad. Can we put this up here, please? Yep. So I can see. It's a little. Yep. There we go. I was actually getting mad, like tears coming to my eyes because bro, you never even tried to get to know me. Xavier Smith recalls Deion Sanders telling him he should enter the spring transfer portal. He was destroying guys' confidence and belief in themselves. The way he did it, it could have been done with a little more compassion. Now this was the screenshot from the Athletics tweet that basically said Deion told him he needs to hit the portal and get the hell out of town. So this obviously generated a lot of eyeballs because all of a sudden we're starting to see, you know, the opposite side of what Deion Sanders and the way he utilized the transfer portal. Now we got guys getting out who are pissed. So we wondered how the Colorado Buffaloes would respond to this type of article. Well, starting quarterback Shador Sanders says, I don't remember him, to be honest. Bro, I had to be very mid at best. Okay, quote tweet. Well, how'd that tweet do? 15 million views later and about 10,000 responses telling Shador to shut up and he better win more than four games if you want to run your mouth like this. We thought, well, how's Deion going to handle Shador? He said, well, he'll be a top five pick. Where's your son going? LOL. I got time today. LOL. LOL. A lot of laughing out loud right in the face of KB who said, tell your son, stop acting like he's the coldest out here and then put up a four and eight season. So everybody that has hated the Colorado Buffaloes from the beginning through now saw this as another reason to bury Deion Sanders in the Colorado Buffaloes. A lot of people are saying like, yeah, Deion was a corner and one of the greatest athletes to ever live. So whenever he talks his shit, it's a little bit different than a starting quarterback coming out and talking shit. But I think this is Shador just being like exactly who we think he is. He just opened for Lil Wayne the other day. Now, will NFL teams question this? I do wonder. If they lose, especially that first game to North Dakota State, boy, all of this is going to get very loud. How did you see this kind of unfold? And do you believe that the Colorado Buffaloes are going to be better than they were last year, A.J. Hawk? Yeah, I think they should be better than they were last year. I think Deion's just being honest and he's being upfront. There's a lot. Think how many players are on scholarship in college teams now? I don't have any. 90? Used to be 85. I don't know, 85? There's a crazy amount. So if you want to tell a guy, hey, you need to get out of here. They may just try to run him off somehow or try to make him do the 5 a.m. workouts for three straight months and try to give him the message that, hey, you're not exactly a good fit for this squad. So I think Deion, I think his son actually coming out, is just kind of standing up for his dad basically saying, come on now. We understand if we lose games. We can handle the heat. We understand what we're doing, what we're saying. But yeah, like you said, you can do whatever you want if you win. If you win, you can do that. They did not at the end. So everybody's just been waiting and waiting and waiting. They're okay with it though. I feel like they love it. This is just chips on the shoulder. Here we go. We know it's us against the world. You didn't think that's how he would respond whenever I'm getting buried in there? Pac-Man, very close to the team and to Prime and Shador and everything. It's been loud since they got there. This obviously expedites the conversation. They need to win this year. And do you think they do? Yeah, I think they win. But it's always going to be loud when you got Sounders on the back of your jersey. Everywhere you go is going to be loud. Like, they're used to being loud. They ain't never not been loud. When it ain't loud, then that's when it's a problem. But Shadar can be better and better every game, every week. Like, he is going to be a top five pick. Will they win ten games? I don't know. Will they be better than next year? Hell yeah. And college, you got to realize, it's no more just college, bro. You get paid to play. This is like the NFL now. All that, yeah, you know, you could have did it better. Hey, bro, I've been watching you for six months. You suck. You might as well end the deporter. It's hard to say it like that, but we're going to move on. And this ain't new. This ain't new either. We evolved in our programs. specific programs but there are roundabout ways coaches will go about you know running players out it's kind of how the sausage has always been made behind the scenes it's not pretty it's a cutthroat business and now it's more of a business than anything didn't love you know Shador coming out and saying I just think it makes him look bad as a teammate you know what I mean if you're a quarterback of a program quarterback it's just different it's a different set of rules for quarterbacks but I think they will win i let you know up front i am extremely biased i got a personal relationship with dion i have since i left college so definitely want to see him and obviously his sons and the teams that he coached succeed um but i think they'll definitely be better on the field and i think this is just kind of how the sauce get made behind the scenes like hey shit like this happens the coaches aren't happy-go-lucky with every player players are treated treated differently sometimes. Is it right? Is it wrong? That may be, you know, whatever you say, but, you know, this is nothing new. They're going to have to win. Yeah. Absolutely. And if they don't win, I mean, it'll still be loud. I guess you don't have to win. It was still, you know, still open for Lil Wayne. Yeah, true. But he didn't pick and a lot of people's eyes. Odds, sportsbooks, I think he's tied for number one overall pick for odds. Yeah, he was the favorite with Carson Beck and Quinn Ewers. His odds did go down a little bit after the tweet last night. Yeah, because I think there will be some NFL people who obviously have a lot of respect for Deion and everything he's got going on and Shador's talent, but quarterback is just a different animal because you're the face of the program, face of the organization. So him saying, I don't even remember this guy, is like, okay, we didn't get to know his teammates. People can hold that against him. But Dion has said, I only want him going to like four teams anyways. So what are we even talking about? What an anomaly of a situation. Let's pivot away from that to the NFL with the team that had the number one overall pick and the ninth overall pick. Only four picks in this year's draft at the beginning. The lowest out of everybody in the NFL. They made a couple moves, picked up one. But one and nine remained the exact same that everybody thought going in. Ladies and gentlemen, the man who's been tasked with flipping Chicago back into a winner. GM for the Bears, Ryan Pulse. How are you, bub? What's going on? Pulse. How are you, bud? What's going on? Doing good. How are you? Hey, I was worried we were never going to be able to talk to you again after our time down at the annual meeting. I'm very thankful that you're back on, and I can't fathom how cool you look as a general manager in the NFL right now. Look at you, cut-off hoodie, sick, flat bill, with a pen in there always scouting always judging we appreciate you taking the time to join us here post draft so number one overall caleb williams we knew that forever did you know that forever like everybody else or was there a full process of trying to figure out who could potentially be the number one overall pick yeah it wasn't the full process the film was a film that stood out that kind of had my heart from the beginning. But as we spent more time with Caleb and did our homework and got to know each other, it became clearer and clearer. Go ahead, AJ. When you see all this stuff surrounding it, and I know you guys do a great job of having your blinders on and not listening to whatever pundits or mock drafts might be. You guys know who you have like when you you know who caleb is does anything anything ever ever infiltrate your guys's building of all the people just want to tear him down because he's been the number one pick for so long how do you guys block that out and how do you truly know that hey like this is your guy yeah i mean i feel like with any relationship you're about to start, you got to see the other person eye to eye. You got to spend time with them real time and not take everybody else's thoughts with that. So that's what we did. We sat down with each other. We had dinner together. All of our staff got to spend time with them. I want to make sure some of our players sat down and spent time with them as well. That means a lot to me. It means a lot to the locker room so once all those boxes got checked I really didn't care you know about the noise and what other people had to say did you tell Caleb before the draft you were taking him at number one no no no I think he knew though okay all right all right so there was because that would be a whole nother animal if Caleb was told and he didn't tell anybody, it's like, okay, here we go. We got another story. Because coming out to AJ's point, it was like his team, close to his source to him were saying all these things. Then we watch him at the pro day wrestling with his offensive linemen. His teammates love him. We met him at the draft, seemed incredibly humble. He introduced himself to everybody. It's like, checked all the boxes from our standpoint from end of season to the draft. I feel like he did the same for you. And everybody's talking about that number nine overall pick. It's like, okay, well, they're probably going to get out there to get more picks. And if they don't, they're taking Roman Dunze because him and Caleb are tight. That was going into the draft. People were saying that. And then all of a sudden, it falls to pick nine you knew Rome was going to be the guy if he was available and how did we land on that particular pick as opposed to maybe trading out and picking up some more pieces yeah Rome was at the top of our list uh we have our our draft four kind of separated by different colors and there's there's certain guys you don't pass up on and uh Rome's one of them uh it's hard to find a guy that is that big and that talented at the receiver spot. And on top of that, being an unbelievable human being as well. So there was no movement off of Rome at all. You made some. You picked up another pick. D-Butt's got a question for you about next year. Yeah, absolutely. Adding talent to that wide receiver room and then bringing over Keenan Allen as well, coming off one of his best seasons. He's been a dominating pro. DJ Moore coming off a career year as well. We all know, hey, history to Bears, never had a 4,000-yard quarterback. Can we expect more of a wide-open offense, you know, especially in the earlier part of the season going into it? Well, I think, you know, Shane's going to do a good job putting Caleb in a position to be successful. Shane's going to do a good job putting Caleb in a position to be successful. I think with any setup, having balance is helpful in that. And then with all the weapons that we do have, you would think that we should have some success in the air as well. But I think we want to keep it balanced, keep everyone not knowing exactly what we're going to do and take advantage of those matchups. And if it's a heavy box or light box, being able to exploit whatever part of the field we need to. So I'm excited. I think we've attacked every level in terms of our weapons on our offense. So we're pumped up. Yeah, you're bringing Swift, too. Phenomenal running back. Obviously, that'll help in it all. And I think the big thing we noticed towards the end of So we're pumped up. defense when you're meeting with these guys before the draft are you asking questions to find out if they could fit in with Ibra Fluse's culture is that a big part of it what do you think the culture of the team is yeah uh no we we play hard we play fast we play violent and uh you got to have passion for the game if you have those things uh you're going to be fine but there is a level of intensity that that Fluse brings and expects it's just a part of the standard. So we want to make sure we're bringing in guys that can beat that. And it's easy to see. I mean, it's less than the interview. It's more on tape that we can see if you're going to be able to match that standard. And all the guys that we brought in do, even the punter. Well, that's what I say. That's the only reason why I'm doing this interview is because I got a punter in here. Let's talk about Torrey Taylor. Ty was going to ask about him, but since you brought him up, I will. He's big. He's a big dude. At Iowa, he was like winning them games. Best player. Yeah, legit. They were trying to put him in the Heisman conversation as a punter, which is obviously incredibly abnormal. But there's some games you watch that's like, well, he just pinned six times inside the five, and the Iowa defense is the biggest weapon for him. He was clearly the number one punter on the board. At what point, whenever you decide to pull the trigger on him, do you think it's too early for a punter, too late for a punter? How did you kind of go into making the decision to bring Torrey to Chicago? Yeah, I didn't expect him to get much further. Definitely didn't think I'd be able to pick him up when we got to the fifth round. And really the thought process there is to make anyone we're playing really uncomfortable. I've been – I didn't play much in the NFL, but I know running onto the field and having the ball spotted inside the 10-yard line is a very uncomfortable feeling. It's disheartening at times. And I love taking advantage of field positions, and really that should help us with points as well. So I think it's going to add to our team and, again, make it uncomfortable and difficult for any team we're going against. He's so powerful. I watched him at the Big Ten Championship in warm-ups, and I assume he didn't have his best warm-up. But whenever you hear the sound of when he hits the ball, it's like, oh, this guy's got a little boom. This guy's got some real boom. He's been working all offseason to become the standard NFL punter and kind of turn balls over. working all offseason to become the standard NFL punter and kind of turn balls over. I can't wait to watch him. Thank you for doing that for the break. Thank you for doing that. I think maybe in the second round, if you would have been able to have a pick, or third round, you'd pull the trigger there. But obviously not a lot of picks. With that being said, Connor has a question for you. Yeah, obviously there's a lot of behind-the-scenes coming out right now. For instance, the Jets, they just released a three-minute video, and during that video, Joe Douglas mentions how Atlanta actually was trying to trade back up to 10. During your process, either before the draft or during the draft, were there any just absurd trade offers at one or nine that even though you had your guys, you had to consider just because, I mean, a year before you pulled off one of the greatest draft trades probably ever, looking back on it? No, nothing crazy. I don't think I ever allowed it to get crazy. Because, you know, we were gathering information on Caleb. And I knew, you know, again from the tape, it was a rare prospect that had a lot of talent that could help us turn this thing around. So it was going to take a lot of talent that could help us turn this thing around. So it was going to take a lot. So by the time we got to the point where we felt comfortable, I wasn't even going to take those calls anymore or even listen to what it was going to be because I knew this was the right move for us. I kept it moving. But for nine, a couple calls, some interest, probably a similar situation with the Jets. But nothing that was going to take us off a roll. We watched that video of Joe Douglas. We'll air it here in a little bit that the Jets put out. Is it that intense in every... Are you... I mean, he was... I'll call back. And why is he using a cell phone there? Do you guys not have just a phone at one button every single GM? Or what are the operations behind it all? No, we all have phones that are wired into every draft room. But I think it's just habit. We all call each other off of our cell phones. We just jump right back into that when we're in the rooms. I was so flustered. I'm like, why the hell is he using his own yeah because ballard all the ballard videos yeah he's on the landline yeah and it's like they're recording all this joe douglas is on his cell phone we can't hear shit yeah we can't we can't hear a single thing he's like in the background he's like what is he saying can we put some captions on there yeah there he is he saying? Can we put some captions on there? There he is. He's sitting in the back of the room. We'll watch this video later. It is fantastic. Is that an accurate depiction of every room? No, our room's pretty chill. No, I don't think so. Go ahead, AJ. Have you ever heard of a room or been in a war room to where you do have, like, someone, the GM or owner, limits cell phones or says hey we can't trust anybody i don't know if anyone in here is texting a reporter tipping things trying to get information have you ever heard of any rooms where they do have to kind of take those precautions um no i mean i've had rooms that you know limit how many people are in the room it can be four or five in the room and and keep everyone outside for that issue. If you're the GM, how do you let people know, hey, you're coming in, you're not. How do people know if they're coming into the room? Yeah, I'm sure there's an email or just kind of a notification of, you know, it's only going to be the top decision makers and directors and above that are going to be in the room. But it's important for me. Everyone's had their hand in the process. There's a ton of hard work that goes into it across the board. So on that day, I feel like it's right to have everybody in there. If you're on staff, I trust you. So you keep the whole crew in there to go through the process. Well, Raj, Raj told you to take the full 10 minutes there on that first pick or what? How'd that work out? No, I had to take take five minutes to let five minutes go by first. We found out about every pick 10 minutes before they all came out. We knew Odunze at six, I think. Yeah, we the internet just had them all. So we had a little situation with the NFL, actually, because the internet knows all these picks before everybody else. I think that's why AJ asked about, like, how do these things get out? You guys get a heads up before everybody else about who's picked before you, or how is it different from where you are versus where we are? Yeah, we just have a – the league has, like, a live draft site. As soon as it enters, it's plugged in from a draft room that gets posted onto this site. That's why when you listen to the Jets deal, you'll hear someone yell the pick pretty quickly. That's why there's a little bit of a head start there. It helps us out. Go ahead, Ty. Ryan, through the process leading up to the draft, we talked to a lot of GMs, and one of the questions a couple of us always had was how much you're kind of paying attention to what's going on in the division itself. Now, obviously, if you're drafting a quarterback, one overall, it doesn't matter. You know you need to get that guy. But how much of looking at the Packers, Lions,ings and like what they kind of are as a team how much of that dictates what you actually do in the draft if anything um no not too much you know we have pro staffs that are uh assigned to to each team in the league and it's more about what their needs are uh to help you manage if you need to trade up in front of someone or you can trade back safely and still get your guy um so that's there but in terms of reacting to what teams do in the moment um there i i know we don't we don't do that um i think that would just lead you to make some probably some poor decisions how do you feel uh did you look at everybody else's draft you want to judge them publicly here in the NFC North? No, I'm not going to judge them. I'll let them take care of their own stuff and worry about ours and keep it moving. Ty said some terrible stuff to the Detroit Lions fans on Friday. I don't know if you guys see it. He said some very rude stuff to the Lions fans. Tone has a question for you, Poles. Yeah, Mr. Poles, you are adding a lot of weapons okay so do you know something we don't know about the new stadium uh now that it's all right is it definitely it's going to be done for next season it's going to be indoor and you guys are just going to throw it i don't know 80 of the time that's why you're going with all the weapons fast track you're working with the mayor no i don't i don't know how long it's going to take uh but uh we excited about the stuff that they put out and the images of it. I think it would be really cool. But we'll see how long it takes. But no, we'll be outdoors for a little bit. Paul, where's everybody parking? I'm not sure. Figure it out. Hey, I do have a special request on behalf of all the former players and on the current players now. Can you fix the all 22 angle in the new stadium, please? Because that old Chicago Bears all 22 angles was shitty. Please. It actually was fixed last year. Okay. That's what Paul's done. That's what Paul's done. My bad. My apologies, big man. My bad. My apologies, big man. My apologies. We put some robotic cameras up top so you don't have that overhang kind of blocking everything. Thank God. That was a little bit of an advantage, but it was also screwing them. I didn't fully understand it. Pac-Man's got a question for you, Poles. Poles, now that the draft is over, how important is it to get some of these guys? There's still some good guys out there that's going to play some critical downs. Are you still boots on the ground looking at guys right now, or is it time to debrief and watch the rookies for the older guys or the guys that are still free agents? No, we'll take a look at who's still available and have those conversations and see what fits. There's a couple things into that. It's what guys are asking for in terms of salary, what fits the cap situation that we're in, now that we have clarity. Having to pick one non is pretty expensive, so that kind of messes with our cap a little bit but we definitely look at what's available and see if any of those guys can can help our roster for sure love that the work never stops as an NFL GM just like the stories never do uh Zito would like to say something to you Mr. Poles yeah I've lived for 32 years that was the greatest draft I've ever been a part of there and I feel like like I was in the war room with you. So thank you very much. You're welcome, Zero. Hey, Caleb, just, you know, we all obviously saw him at USC, saw him in the Heisman. Highest paid NIL guy of all time. A lot of bullshit coming around him. What is your messaging to him whenever he comes in? It's I assume the pressure is already enough because he's number one overall pick, but how are you guys talking to him? What are the expectations and how do you kind of see the next couple of months going for him? Yeah, I think it's just getting on the same page with his teammates. He's already started that. He's reached out to everyone. I think he's reached out to a lot of guys in the defense as well. Getting with him to throw, getting that timing right, and then getting in the playbook. You know, there's a lot of changes from the college game and the offense he was running in college to what he'll do here. We'll make sure we adapt to his strengths, you know, as well to make sure that he's doing what's comfortable. He can play fast and free. But it's really getting a playbook and get those concepts down so he can really spit calls and get everyone on the same page. But in terms of the locker room, he's already started. It matters to him. So that part's easy for us. It comes natural to him. Seems like he's done everything right. And the dap up in the hotel when we got to meet him, very clean. I mean, very, very natural. I was sitting down, he was standing up. He had a group of people around them. Nice, easy. How we doing? Keep it moving. Vibes were immaculate. Seemingly. Did you wake up and say, Caleb, or what on a post-it note? And when did you write that note to yourself? Was there a moment where you decided, yup, it's going to be Caleb? I actually came in for a sturdy visit, so it had been a good couple weeks, which made it tough to wait until draft day. But, no, I was pumped up to get it done finally. Sounds like Zito was too. Yeah, he was in there. Oh, yeah. Just got rash. Zipper burn I was pumped up to get it done finally sounds like Zito was too oh yeah just got rash zipper burn on him he was jacked up we appreciate the hell out of you man keep killing it over there you told us down at the annual meetings I feel like some of the conversation and chatter about the Chicago organization not being a place is the reason why I was hired. We were hired to kind of turn this thing around. You heard the stat from D-Butt there about not having a 4,000-yard quarterback and everything. Feels like you're doing everything right, and we appreciate the hell out of you taking time with us, brother. Absolutely. Appreciate you guys. All right. Tell Kevin Warren we said hello. Will do. Love you, Kev. Now tell him it's not our fault during COVID he said we're not playing football. But we had. We had. I mean, we got to talk about it. What do you want from us, ladies and gentlemen? Ron Paul. Thank you. Yeah, Paul. It's not our fault. We love football now. We have to talk about football. We're talking about football. We We're talking about football. We're in Big Ten country. What do you want from us? That's when Bob really came alive. When football got shut down. That's when the general was born. Please have a little bit of respect there. The general was sending people to Warren's office via our show. I can see how that guy might potentially hold a little negative views on us. Football ended up happening, though. You're welcome. We don't know if Bob the General didn't even show up at Warren's house. He might have, with picket signs. So it's understandable. Yeah, but we didn't tell him. No, we didn't. General's got his own marching orders. From the top. From himself. And Bob Sr senior as well wrote the marching orders looked at him said okay gotta go hey how about him coming on we thought that was over oh yeah the relationship with uh chicago we lost our plug in the building and plug leaves and it's like this ain't good because we said a lot of things about the guy that's running that building over there but poles i think he's the one that was like, yeah, I'll do the show, no problem at all. So we appreciate him. He's locked in young. He's got a lot of, you know, Chicago, very young. Chicago, obviously, is the third largest city in the United States of America. Sometimes too. Never. It's actually getting further away from too. If you look at the numbers, and let alone what's going on, I'm not even diving into it. Closer to four. Not even diving into it because we already offered a 757. Are you going to pitch in for that too? I'll pitch in, absolutely. That's what I'm talking about. This is leading from the front. Hawk can fly the plane. Hawk can fly the plane over. The general in the Hawk will fly him player over. The general. I got a few hours. And the Hawk. Yeah. Will fly him on over there. Ladies and gentlemen. We got it. Please enjoy your flight. What a wild time to be alive. But anyway, Chicago is like a football city. Oh, yeah. Right? Like, obviously go back to Chris Farley and the entire. Yep. The Bears, the whole thing. Bill Swarsky they've been crap you know oh yeah crap aaron rogers was able to do all that i own you shit because he did and the packers took over the division for a long time brett farve hands the baton off to air and it's like yeah the chicago bears bigger city definitely our rival to hell with them they are nothing and that's kind of what they've been in the the grand scheme of the conversation of the nfl but now it feels like there's real juice behind them. And if Caleb can live up to the expectation, I think a lot of people put on him, that NFC North is going to be an absolute buzzsaw from top to bottom, I'm thinking. I mean, Zeke would be able to speak about this better, but in terms, like, people were excited when they drafted Justin Fields, for sure. Like, absolutely. It's still a first-round quarterback. He was 11 or whatever he went. It's completely just from the people, like being from Iowa, a lot of Bears fans, a lot of people I grew up with are massive Bears fans. The excitement now with Caleb Williams and kind of like this new regime, especially with the way they ended last season, it's completely different now than it was when they drafted Justin Fields. I think people are – they're talking about the Bears not only making the playoffs this year, but I think even if they don't, like, there's an actual plan and vision in place where it's like, hey, two years from now, like, this is going to be one of the best teams in the NFC North, maybe in the NFC as a whole. Now, I know that Caleb is going to love Chicago, and Chicago is going to love him. Yeah, we're doing bear claws of course bear claws first time ever bear claw good way to show off if you got any of your uh nails painted too oh yeah because you just kind of hooked that some a little bit more yeah hell yeah you know what i mean we got an open claw and then we got clothes on where we got good nail paints can't do that didn't he growl didn't he growl as well yeah i think there is like a snarl Didn't he growl as well? Yeah, I think there is like a snarl. I didn't see any videos. I only saw photos. So I don't know if he was growling. He's definitely snarling, though. Pretty cool little look. It's a good photo, actually. Oh, yeah. Just an easy thing to take photos with people. Hey, Caleb, can I get a photo? Trademark that thing yet? Bear claw? Caleb claw? that thing yet bear claw claw thank you oh the caleb claw why haven't they been doing that as bears yeah i think baylor had their uh their paw on that well that was yeah but we adapted we made it better sick bears bears were were they around before baylor? Chicago? That's the organization. What? I don't know. It was Texas. Was the city of Chicago around before? When we were the Cardinals. Yeah. It's hard to be a claw whenever you're a Cardinal. That's right. And Baylor got in there and stole that thing. But Caleb seemingly loves Chicago. Chicago's going to love Caleb if he's good at football. Yep. That's just how this goes with everything. The Indianapolis Colts first round draft pick. This guy said this forever, brother. Already got a tattoo. Leotu Latu got a horseshoe tattooed on his right shoulder. What's your face? That's a beautiful tattoo. I mean, we got to be honest here, right? No, I'm not going to say that. No, yeah, you have to be honest. He's the best. He's the best. Freaking rushing the draft. That's all I care about. You paint your nails or not, if your tattoos stink or not, if you sign with different companies. It doesn't stink. It's healing. It's new. It's brand new. Look at that move, though. That's a sack for sure. Let's go get that move. Yeah, that's an actual tackle in the NFL. That guy just retired. Using a six-year-old tattoo artist who was bold. So this is recent? No, he knew he was going to the Colts. Okay. He's wearing the Colts stuff. He knew it was going to happen. He's like I was the mentalist. At the draft party, he was in a tattoo parlor. It's a big issue. As soon as he got drafted home. It does look like there's a chance that's a prison or living room tattoo on his arm. He's going to have to add some to it. He knows that. He's lay off your law too. He knows that he's going to have to add to guys changed my life. He's grateful and thankful in the city of Indianapolis, which is celebrating its greatest month, starting today. Appreciates him for that. What's this month called? May. I didn't realize it was such a big deal. Is there really checkered flags hanging up? Yes, brother. It is May 1st. Because the Indy 500 sometimes happens at the end of May? Always. It is the greatest month in any city in the United States of America. I'll send you a picture of my neighbors. There's so many stupid checkered flags. Oh, okay. Sorry you have no spirit about Indianapolis hosting the largest sporting event in the United States of America every single year. I got one flag flying outside of my house and that's American, brother. There was a couple other ones flying in a couple of these campuses. I guess down there in North Carolina, a couple of boys that I met whenever we were doing college game day said, that's cute, whatever. Take that down. Let's go ahead and put up the United States and America flag. Get old glory back up there. This is becoming a real thing. Did you see that? Oh, yeah, the photo creation of those kids because it is awesome they basically did the i'm trying not to look at ai photos anymore because they're so despicable yeah yeah this one this one's kind of hilarious they like redid the i think it was the iwo jima yeah iwo jima there they redid that just with all those kids doing it it was a problem what's that ai pictures their problem well especially whenever there's a lot left to be figured out true True. You know what I mean? Left to the imagination. Yeah. What do you mean? Like what? Well, a lot of assumptions just come from a photo that isn't real about two bears. And then all of a sudden it's like, wait a second, why is your brain going there automatically? There's a couple other options potentially. But then if it pisses photos of question marks, making people get offended. Some other people laugh. It's a wild time. Nick warned us. He did. I did. Nick was saying stupid shit. He was talking about those damn dogs that couldn't run. He was like, these are the things that are going to kill us. He was like, no, they're not. I'm going to unplug them in their little stupid head. Their battery operate. You could buy a flamethrower one now. They're for sale to the public. I will take the battery out of that little bastard so fast. You might be on fire. Not me. I'm wearing a flame retardant suit like the Indy 500 race. Smart. Top to bottom. I'm not worried about those stupid dogs. What I'm worried about is the Photoshop there in this part. Yeah, that's true. That's what's happening right now. The video's going to be worse. The video looks absolutely crazy. It's not out yet, though. Which video? AI video. I saw you in one. You came out swinging your hands. You were just pumped about the Colts. Yeah, and if that's what AI is, they're crop. Oh, no, no, no. What I'm talking about. The same type of thing that they can do with creating photos. It's like you give it a prompt and it makes the photo. They're almost there with videos. Yeah, that was child's play. They're getting there. Don't worry. Oh, Nick, enough with the doom and gloom. Seriously, though. There's videos that is the same type of system. How about this? I would like to put you on'll chip in. Me and AJ paying for planes for everybody to go make boots on the ground and make actual effects on things and change things. You're welcome, Nick. Good luck wherever the hell AI is. Thank you. As long as the General and Hawk are flying the plane, leading the charge. Joining us now as we wrap up on ESPN, but he deserves to be on ESPN. but he deserves to be on ESPN. And we'll continue on YouTube, ESPN+, and TikTok Live, which, once again, needs some big... Still alive, though, right? Still in limbo. Only eight months left or whatever. Yeah. Needs somebody to die. The Scottish warrior, the former world heavyweight champion, for five minutes and 18 seconds. He got screwed. Bamboozled. Ladies and gentlemen, Drew McIntyre. Yeah! I He got screwed. Ladies and gentlemen, Drew McIntyre. I'm on your side, Drew. We got two minutes left on ESPN, but the world needs to see you before we go on to YouTube and ESPN+. This man is supposed to be a champion. This man is supposed to be the face of WWE. And it feels like everybody's working against you, Drew. Do you agree with that? It feels like everyone's working against me these days. Drew, do you agree with that? I also think everyone's working against me these days, be it CM Punk, be it fellow members of the roster, or be it your colleague on commentary, Michael Cole, talking trash about me every single week. Get him, Drew. You know, The Rock loves you. The Rock is a part of re-signing you, keeping you in the WWE, being a WWE superstar, being one of the faces of the WWE. And you got Michael Cole just being a little bastard every single week. How do we going to handle this? How do we move forward, Drew? What are the next steps for the Scottish warrior? Well, I suggest you have a talk with Michael Cole. You know, he's got, you know, the most powerful voice in WWE. He controls the narrative in WWE, whether people realize it or not. He puts the thoughts in their head that they're constantly thinking. And at one time, he was telling them, Drew McIntyre's the centerpiece of WWE. He got us through the pandemic. I did. And these days, he calls me delusional. He calls me a hypocrite. As appropriate, he comes from the background he does in the mainstream media. He controls the narrative of WWE. And right now, I don't like the message he's putting out about Drew McIntyre. I suggest you get in his ear, or I'm going to get in his face, and I'm going to start smacking him around. He's using that power irresponsibly. He's a senior citizen, Drew. He's a senior citizen. Let's never forget that. He's been in WWE 27 years. Let's not break his jaw. Well, if he keeps on the path he's on, I'm going to break him physically. That's what it's coming to at this point. I'm getting pretty peeled on Michael Cole every single week. I listen to him. It's like we don't watch the shows, but we don't hear what he's saying. I hear him every single week delivering that message, controlling the narrative like he does, saying I'm delusional, whatever. I've not lied once, Pat. You play every single clip for the past three, four years of Drew McIntyre. past i wasn't a bad guy i ain't a bad guy these days i'm a truthful guy and the world doesn't like the truth apparently anymore michael cole apparently doesn't like the truth anymore it's just a reflection of society you tell the truth suddenly you're a bad guy you find one lie i've said i'll call you a liar because i ain't lied once i keep standing on business that's right he's standing on business out there drew mcintyre and before the boys have their questions, I want to let you know, when I told the boys this morning, Drew McIntyre's going to be on today, big pop out of everybody. Big pop out of everybody. The boys love Drew McIntyre. Now, Michael Cole might be speaking out of both sides of his mouth. And that's what Michael Cole does. He's the voice of the WWE. I'm giving the heads up. voice of the wwe i'm giving the heads up i get the heads up privately i'm giving you the heads up on your show to get in his ear he's going to see this and the other changes his way is that does he think i don't watch the show back of course i'm a professional i watch the product every week i hear him spreading those lies and it's getting to the point i'm calling him out live on your show right now when we get back to my freaking show the mood i'm in recently thanks to cm Punk, Damien Priest, and all these other idiots on the roster. I think they're the ones that should be leading the charge for WWE. I'm going to start getting violent. And nobody's more violent than a 6'5", 280-pound Scottish man with a freaking sword. They're all thin. Hell yeah! It's great to see the sword back in your hand, I would like to say. You know, the bigger the sword, the more pleasure to be had is what they say right so they say i try to keep it especially my wife in the other room but yeah okay let's talk about you and cm punk uh michael cole said you're obsessed with him do you think that's accurate do you think he is maybe uh taking advantage of your obsession and made you look dumb like for instance on monday he was up in his suite you go run into a suite now he's down in a ring they're saying not me but others saying this guy looks like a big dumb scottish idiot up in the suite while cm punk's down the ring what are your thoughts on cm punk and do you think you're maybe a little over obsessed with him are you are you keeping your eye on the target or are you missing some things because of your obsession maybe if michael cole thought for a second to be a journalist and ask me some of the hard-hitting questions and we'd understand more why i feel the way i feel about cm punk i've referenced it repeatedly i won't go into details right now but we were on the roster together when i was just a kid from age 22 to age 26 he was somebody that could have been a leader for me and he actively hurt my career when i was younger and people were like oh just forget the past the past. I hear about it all the time when it comes to the bloodline, when it comes to some of the other things going on in WWE. Just forget the past. Forgive and forget. I can't forget if you literally ruined my life. And right now, you look like a big dumb idiot chasing CM Punk. No, I was saying, mate, get in my face. You screwed me at the world title at WrestleMania. Just me like a man you're playing games or i'm chasing you around no like who's the coward here who's the again pgp word here he is i've looked like an idiot chasing him around okay fair enough but he's not willing to fight me like a man i'm gonna end up showing up at his doorstep you make embarrass me at wrestlemania it was five minutes and 46 seconds by the way i had the title for before he cheated me out of it and i'm getting ready to show up up to Chicago like I don't know where he lives and start smacking him around. We're grown-ass men. We're going to handle it grown-ass ways. That's my fist in your face. Well, I think he's still recovering from his injury, obviously. Oh, diddums, diddums, diddums. I talked about this on Monday as well. You know what happened did the next day i wrestled in a four-way match that i would have won if it wasn't for cm punk i've been taping up every week i did a european tour of our rest of jail so every single night he's sitting on his couch collecting his big paycheck thinking how he can kiss corporate arse to keep cashing those checks when i'm putting in the work who's the bad guy who's the delusional one who's the hypocrite love it you're speaking a lot of sense you're lying i'm alive no if somebody called you a liar yeah they would be lying they would be lying if they were to say you were a liar now i like cm punk but ty has a question for you yeah drew this yeah you know what he is today an ass kisser he kisses your ass constantly well i don't mind that you're a nice guy too you've got all that power he's a corporate kiss arson mate you don't dress in the suit, but you've got power. Hey, listen. Hey, McIntyre, I don't care if somebody's fake nice to me or real nice to me, as long as they're nice to me. I'm appreciative of them. I'd rather they be fake nice. CM Punk has certainly been that since he's gotten back. Now, to you, it's a whole different story. Now Now, with that being said, Ty is a question. Yeah, Drew, I couldn't agree more with your points there. He is a corporate kiss arse. There's no two ways about it. And this could be a little extreme. I don't know if I would consider it that. But have you considered maybe just one of these nights just saying, you know what? Fuck it. I'm going to take Angela. I'm going to pick her up here. And I'm just going to behead CM Punk in the middle of the ring. I'm just going to slice his head off, and then I can take his big, dumb corpse of a head and just carry that with me everywhere. Don't need the WWE title. You just take around CM Punk's head to everyone in the locker room. You say, hey, who's the big bad wolf now? Don't forget what this guy can do. And if you don't want to go that far, that's fine. Then maybe you just delivered not one, not two, but three Klamer kicks to that big, dumb, stupid mouth of his. Just something to consider. That's some good ideas. I mean, I love the sword idea. It's like going to jail. I just think that would be the easy way out. He just doesn't deserve the easy way out. He just doesn't deserve the easy way out. He deserves to be tortured. He deserves to be beaten over and over. Even the Claymore, I have to jump up and fall down myself. It hurts me. I just want to punch his stupid face to my knuckles. Actually, it hurts my knuckles. I want to forearm his stupid face once there's bone heels until he's unconscious, not quite finished yet, so he can come back around and I can do it again. And and I want to make his life complete hell. He says he wants to make my life hell. He made my hell life when I was a kid. When I was young, I was naive. I was new to America. I could barely figure out how to pay bills, never mind operate in WWE. He could have helped me. He could have helped navigate those waters instead of actively hurting me, but I figured it out. I'm one of the top dogs in WWE. I will be the top dog like I was once again, giant angry monster now and i'm gonna smack him around and he breaks so easy i don't want to hit him too hard the guy's made of freaking glass every time i break him he goes away he rehabs i don't know i keep coming back like a terminator so i need to figure out how to take him out for good jeez i want to see him punks here and all this i think so he's going to hear it why he watches me constantly he doesn't reply on the internet because he knows he can't keep up. He's like, oh, Drew and his Twitter fingers. Oh, that's all you're good at? Whatever. No. That's the average troll. I'll tear you apart on social media. Then I'll step from behind the keyboard. I'll tear you apart physically. And if I wasn't married, I'd take your girl too. That's the kind of troll I am. Drew! Hell yeah, Drew! Jeez. You you before uh you know because i think don't steal her watch your mouth please okay drew we don't need this right now but you are he you come out oh yeah oh yeah uh yeah it's a movie here yes just absolutely shredded yeah somehow way too athletic too like the kip up at 200 what how much you weigh right now about 282. How tall? Six foot five and a half, but it's a half inch. It makes all the difference. Amen. That's what I've been saying this whole time. And then, what's your body fat? Do you get that tested? No, I don't test that. I don't have a diet or anything. I just lift heavy weights. I eat lots of food like a man i don't measure that i don't watch what i eat i just put the work in the gym the work in the ring that's all i do you're a fucking weapon dude go ahead aj drew why do you think this is like why why are you getting screwed over why is all this happening is are people intimidated by you your your good looks and your your strength and what you may or may not do to them like why do you think this is happening and how good is it going to feel once you're you're back on top and you are the king of the jungle you do great when i'm back on top i don't know why you know things have been going the way they're going i feel like a lot of people are against me on our roster and i guess it's just wwe's on fire right now we've never been in history uh we're making billion dollar deals left and right we've got the billion dollar man nick can you know closing all these deals for us left and right at the top there's a lot of things going on a lot of opportunities if you get to the top and I've been to the top and whatever people are trying to do to stop me getting to the top it's not going to happen because I know this industry too well I'll figure it out backstage if you try to politic your way ahead of me I'll just beat you down and I'll get myself ahead of you because I know how this game works and I'm too big and wise. And that's why I've been with WWE for a foreseeable future. I wasn't going to go anywhere if anybody out there was unsure, reading those internet rumors or whatever. We're just in a place where I had to get things right for my family. I got with Nick Cannon, I got with Triple H, they were so understanding, and we got things right for the future. Drew McIntyre was never going to go away from WWE. And it's awesome that The Rock made that announcement. It's the first time he's done that for anybody in a roster that Drew McIntyre's re-signed with WWE. And I want to talk about something positive, an inspirational headline. I was fired in 2014 by WWE. And I deserved to get fired. I needed to get fired to truly find myself. And 10 years later, The Rock's announcing that Drew McIntyre's re-signed with WWE. For anyone out there who's made it, and then you get knocked down in your butt, you've got to keep fighting. You've got to keep pushing forward. You've got to leave no stone unturned. Put the work in. Be accountable to the person in the mirror. You can do freaking anything. I've done it time and time again, and this is the most recent incident of it. Hell yeah. Let's Hell yeah, Drew. Obviously, we as WWE fans are pumped to hear that you're never going anywhere else and you're sticking around for a while. The man you've mentioned a few times there, Nick Khan, there were some internet rumors about him too, selling stock and shares and everything like that. I, after talking to Source, can report some breaking news. That's not true. Has never sold a single share of any stock since getting to the WWE. Hasn't even put them up for sale sale which is an entire process to do that so that was uh a bunch of bullshit as well so when you're talking about the wwe climbing i love that you're going to be around and i love that nick khan is going to be around things are seemingly swimmingly beautiful for the wwe but this man needs to stop getting screwed it was evident the other night, Conman. Yeah, Drew, it was pretty ridiculous. We talked about it. When the draft started in round one, pick one's getting about to be announced, are you preparing to walk out there? Because like us, you just assumed you were the number one overall pick. Or what was that kind of reaction and feeling when you realized that you were sliding down the board? I don't know the right word for it. I was frustrated, but it's not even frustration. I'm not angry. This is like whatever. I'm going to start cracking heads. It's just this is stupid. This is actually stupid. Let's just look at this situation. I think I said to the APA and Ron Simmons and John Bradshaw, they feel that we're out there. They're known for being heavy drinkers. And I said, have you been getting all these guys in the war rooms drunk, the general manager's drunk since Friday to Monday? And that's why they're making stupid decisions like drafting Drew McIntyre in the third round. It doesn't even make me angry. It just perplexes me. And I had to just point out, anybody in this arena can walk up to me, look me in and say this is sensible this makes sense i'll call you a freaking liar as i keep saying over and over and over i'm just constantly perplexed constantly shocked and constantly just pointing out hypocrisy and stupidity in wwe are you using most of the release to me yeah amen we once we found out that you were not we uh we weren't able to catch friday's show live because i was in west virginia and i was politicking for fans for the spring game, so I had to go to every bar in town that I went to. It was a great time, Drew. Hey, proper night. Proper night. I'll tell you, I'll never have a drink with you, CM Punk. That guy's a good time. I'll give him a Pepsi all night. Swing. He's straight edge, AJ. He doesn't drink or anything. Oh. Yeah, which is, you know. Yeah, I said this on TV once. The most ironic thing about him is, you know, the straight edge thing. He spends all his time in rehab. Okay. It's going to get hurt. It's going to get hurt. All right. Okay. There you go. The tiny drop. Yeah, we didn't see, we didn't get to see the draft live. So on Monday before Raw, we pulled up all the draft selections from Friday night. And the first reaction from everybody was, wait, Raw, nobody's drafted Drew fucking McIntyre? What do we even, how do we even get through a full first night without that taking place? It's all going to come back. Are these chips on your shoulder or are these distractions for you i mean everything just um i wouldn't say a chip on my shoulder everything is like all right if that's how you feel i'll keep proving you wrong i've proved everyone wrong for my whole freaking life since i was a kid in scotland and nobody had ever been signed from scotland directly to wwe and i said i'm going to do it and everyone around me the five million scottish people put things perspective of 65 million people in england and I said I'm going to do it and everyone around me, the 5 million Scottish people put things in perspective, there's 65 million people in England and I said what makes you so special, how are you going to be the first person signed from Scotland directly to WWE and I said I'm going to make it happen one way or another and I did and I had everything, I let it slip away as I mentioned I got fired and I said to my wife I remember I'm going to be making up the numbers i refuse to make up the numbers i'm going to be the top of the heap one of the top superstars in wwe and eventually the top superstar in wwe and i know things are going to come my way obstacles are going to get in my way and i'm going to keep smashing right through and i'm going to keep putting in the work i'm going to keep making sure i look like a wwe superstar i wish some more of our superstars actually put in the works it seems like these days i'm constantly being asked, why don't half the roster look like wrestlers when it's, you know, new fans are coming in or people recognizing WWE for the first time? I mean, I don't want to crap all over people. I'm just saying, unless you've got something that makes you so unique, the standout, and you have a certain, you know, it factor about you, and people have that. A lot of our rosters that aren't larger than life, they pass the airport test. Somebody that walks through an airport your eyes are drawn to them you can't figure out why you don't have to be my size to have that but for goodness sake at least look like an athlete yeah just back in the day you know it used to be like superheroes like hey these are super humans that are out here representing as superstars and when you walk by especially if you're wearing a kilt you know what the fuck yeah a guy to kill i usually am what's under your kilt nothing except on tv and getting the pg thing kills me it's disgusting to wear something under there but yeah aside the show getting canceled uh i might get canceled when i get home okay got it got it i understand yeah let's keep the dong in yeah let's not go dongs out with our killed uh toned digs has a question for you yeah drew you kind of just took the words out of my mouth there when you talk about looking like an absolute superstar. And then after the draft, I was looking at the Monday Night Raw roster and I said, man, there's one fucking guy who's going to carry this show every Monday night. And that's Drew McIntyre. OK, is there a pressure that comes with carrying Monday Night Raw every week? I know you carried us through COVID, but is it any different now? Not for myself. But there is a pressure that comes with being the champion, being the man, and having those responsibilities. My journey has prepared me for literally anything. I said that all through my career, especially when I came back to WWE. Triple H brought me back in 2017. I mentioned how instrumental he was keeping me in the company, and I said right up until I won the title the first time, there's nothing you can throw at me. I'm so prepared. I've been through so many experiences in this industry to carry this company and the world shut down. And I was the first one to have that responsibility. From what I gather, did a pretty decent job at it. And I see some of our newer champions, the kind of deer in the headlight championship run that's okay that was a lot i wasn't ready for that but the next time i'll be ready for it and some people just crumble under the pressure there's literally nothing you can throw at me i'm ready for it all i'm ready to put the company on my back i always have been and we have such a huge amount of talent now that are capable of that it's good to have so much competition like a cody rhodes a seth rollins a roman reignigns, these superstars are just unbelievable. They know this industry inside out. Us competing with each other for that top spot is just good for the industry. How about Braun Strowman's back? Are you scared about all the meat that showed up there the other night? So much meat. That is a freaking monster. That is a superstar. We're WWE. We're a variety show. We need guys. I'm a big mother trucker but then we need those uh i'm trying to use a freak show word but those attractions like an almost or a brawn like those guys are like is he even the same species as me and people say that about me i look at him and think that yeah well you are especially uh yeah every time you come out and do your shit i literally have to say the same thing every time like not all men are created fucking equal okay we need to we need to just understand that whenever we look at and then the flames come out oh my god oh what a moment there do you still get nerves you still feel nerves whenever you go out there you still get the butterflies or what is the butterflies yeah butterflies you get excited you get excited to go out yeah i mean this is all i've wanted to do. And I feel very fortunate to be able to do it. As I said, getting fired is amazing for perspective. And people ask me, you know, how do you keep the head? No matter what the situation is, I always recommend get fired. And I broke my neck one time with things like that. I've given me such perspective that I'm appreciative of any opportunity that I get. And the day I don't have the butterflies, no matter how big, you know the show is how many people are there if it's televised or not Televised is the day I stopped D-Bot's got one last question for you here drew. We appreciate you drew as a kid I was there one match that stood out. We've been talking obviously about the superstars. Is there one match? I know we're similar age that stood out that you said, okay This is what I want to do for the rest of my life And I knew the second I saw wrestling, you know, I was going to do this. There's a story I tell in my book, My Chosen Destiny, available now, where I guess I had a family meeting and I told the family, you know, I'm going to be in WWE one day. Of course, my parents were like, sure, because every kid says I'm going to be an astronaut. I'm going to be a football player in America, like a baseball player or whatever. I'm going to ride a T-Rex professionally and you grow out of it. I never ever grew out of it. That's what I was going to do. But thinking of all the matches that struck me as a kid when I wanted to be like that, I wanted to be this good. It was WrestleMania 13, Bret the Hitman Hart versus Stone Cold Steve Austin. Even at my age at the time, which, my goodness, I was probably not even a teenager yet. They told the perfect story, everything that was good about our industry, the physicality in the ring, but more importantly, and the biggest thing in our industry, is an emotional connection with our audience. That's something you can't really teach. It's something you either have or you don't have, or can be developed through time. Like Pat had it instantly. You have that it factor, you have that connection with our audience almost instantly, and that match had everything and it struck me as a kid how good it was and the older and more educated i got in our industry the more i appreciated it more feels like our age grew up in an era where you know it was hard not to be just attracted to wwe and to wrestling as a whole and you know some of us get to live out a dream every single me i still feel that way every time i show up in arena i'm like i can't believe i get to be here now for you you can feel that the still feel that way every time I show up in an arena. I'm like, I can't believe I get to be here. Now, for you. You can feel that. The fans feel that. They can't necessarily articulate it all the time, but they can feel when something's real, when it's not real, which is ironic considering how some people feel about our industry. But they can feel when you're touching them, like this person is feeling this. They're in the moment. feel that it was hell yeah uh you know there was a moment that was very real just like two weeks ago and if you ever need my mic just go ahead you know just go ahead and just go ahead and take it you know what i mean there's nothing i can do six five and a half 280 just starts yelling i'm like here use the microphone you start you need to do that more that was my indoor voice yeah okay yeah yeah six five and a half 280 indoor voice's great. As we wrap up this wonderful conversation with the Scottish Warrior, the last man to be the World Heavyweight Champion has not gotten his rematch. And I believe there is a rematch clause in championship. I don't know if it has to be more than five minutes and 46 seconds, though. That's not a shot. That's real. I don't know what the rules are. No, no. The rules change when it comes to Drew McIntyre, apparently. But, you know, it's a story of my life. I just go with the flow. I keep pushing forward. Now we know. And, as I said, thanks to the Rocks announcement. Thanks to Triple H. Thanks to Nick Cannon. You know, I'll be with WD for the future for years and years. I'm going to be here and again Michael you're listening I know you're listening please correct what you're telling the world we know what's happening with Punk and I'm going to get my hands on that title so Priest enjoy it I said I was a transitional champion I meant it this is his moment please enjoy that moment Priest you've worked a long time you've got a very inspiring story this is your time get the time in because when I'm taking the title it's not going anywhere for a long time That's El Campion, Damien Priest Who cashed in his Money in the Bank briefcase On Drew McIntyre after he was taken out By CM Punk at WrestleMania Right on our comment deck Two feet away from me It was history obviously happening Michael Cole has responded He's currently on a plane to Lyon, France He's got to do some press events He said to me You're a massive prick Way to defend your partner. Senior citizen, fuck you. On a plane to France and had to watch that clip. My phone's blowing up. Why don't you stick up for me? Well, I want to let you know, Drew, I don't like what you said about Michael Cole. But I will say it. You know what? He didn't mention me once. No shit. You're a Scottish boy. Cole's a wuss. There's a reason. Drew, we appreciate the hell out of you, brother. It's an honor to watch you work on Mondays. Can't wait to see you next week. Hell yeah. I appreciate you all having me, lads. And Pat, I'll see you next Monday. Hopefully people will learn something, especially in WWE from this interview. Maybe they Michael Cole's a bitch, dog. There we go. Can I say bitch? Michael Cole's stopping a little bitch. I work hard for this place. Hell yeah. Don't say that about Cole, Drew! But if you do, it's all right by me. Ladies and gentlemen, Drew McIntyre. Hey, everybody. All right, let's get to a break. That's awesome. Wrestling conversations are the best. Love them. Need to do that every Wednesday. Or shoot, brother. Yes. Alright, on the other side, we got the brand new GM of the Los Angeles Chargers. From Drew McIntyre, Scottish Warrior, to Joe Hortiz. Boom. The new general manager of the Los Angeles Chargers. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice that might change their life. Take five! Five! Probably the most interesting trade was the Randy Moss trade. Bye. We'll do it for your fourth. And I think we were picking like seventh in the fourth round. I said, well, we've got to get the guy for a physical. We can't take his contract. We're going to have to renegotiate his contract. And Mr. Davis said, well, that's your problem. If you want to trade for him, then you get it done. I said, all right. I call up Randy. Hey, Randy, this is Coach Belichick. Who is this? Who's pranking me? Who is this? Bam. Hangs up the phone. Randy, this is Coach Belichick. We traded for you. What? Is this a joke? This better not be a joke. Who is this? No, no, no, no. This is... All right, all right, all right. Really? I said, yeah, but look, we need to come up, take a physical, and we need to renegotiate your contract. It was by noon? Yeah. I was, well, I'm in Houston now, but I got a plane. I'll be there. Nice. He flies, and he's there at 8 o'clock in the morning. Comes in and takes the physical. No deal. Yeah. Uh-huh. Make sure he flies. Okay, you're good. Renegoti He says to me, where's the playbook? I said, right here. He said, okay, because when I walk out there with the first team, with Brady, I've got to know all the plays. I can't go out there and make mental errors and screw up. I've got to know his offense. And he was smart, man. This guy was smart. On this post-safety coverage, what are you going to do? He goes, Coach, you ain't going to see any post- cover two we haven't seen cover two in years he's like you're gonna see cover two and he was right and then he would say well here's how to run this route here's how to run that route and i started thinking like we gotta start giving randy some routes we're running this and they play cover two how we can move him into the slot he's like move me into the slot i said yes you can get on the middle of cover two all right good 25 touchdowns so many opens up the running game, too. I'm telling you, it was... Randy, come on, man. I'm trying to... Hello, and welcome to the special investigative report. Much has been made in the media world on the life and charitable donations of the man Pat McAfee. Especially lately, with the rise of the ever-popular Pat McAfee Show. A show that, in his own words, stinks. We thought it privy to dive into the inner workings and machinations of this tiny business, this small regional show that has reached international discourse. We sat down with the suit himself, Bruce Brown, to give away so much money, so much money to the viewers of this incredible program. So yeah, when you enter a Pat McAfee Show giveaway, essentially, you know, the entire hashtag will be downloaded into the Excel file and the winners will be randomized within that. And then we do a quick scumbag check based on click on the profile and make sure you aren't a robot or blocked by Pat. And then it will be transferred over to Dirty Dirty, who creates the Winner Wednesday graphic, which then runs on the show each Wednesday in a commercial break. show each Wednesday in a commercial break. If you win over $599, we're going to need your email, or you can email giveaways at patmackenshow.com. If it's under $599, all we need is the easiest way to pay you digitally. And if you win merch, obviously we need your size, address, and what you want from the store. Usually I'll just reply to you on Twitter. size, address, and what you want from the store. Usually I'll just reply to you on Twitter. If you have any questions about any giveaway, whether it's cash that you either are waiting on or merch, yeah, you can just reach out to me on Twitter or email giveaways at patmackenshow.com. Please give us about one to two weeks to sort out your prize. That's typically how long it takes. But again, if you have any questions, just reach out to us. We reached out to PMI's money man himself, CFO Phil, for an on-camera interview. Regretfully, he declined the segment. But he did give us the salacious, juicy details. In an email correspondence, CFO Phil replied, over $4.5 million has been given away in giveaways details in an email correspondence CFO Phil replied over four and a half million dollars has been given away in giveaways here today too much money there you have it over four and a half million dollars given away a pissed-off CFO and a show that quote-unquote stinks night, good morrow, good luck, and good fortune. Thank you. Meanwhile here on Monday Night Raw tonight, United States Champion Logan Paul was here. He didn't have his brass knuckles, however. Yeah, and then Patrick Mahomes, this man, is a goat in the making. Hands over his three Super Bowl rings that he already has by the age of 28. You're talking about an absolute weapon. Who knew what he was doing? Look at these two. Look at each other. Look at his face. Where you at? I'm sorry. Sorry about it. He knew what was about to happen. Logan Paul had bad intentions, but they had a prime handshake. And then you look at these bad boys. Shined up right those things were earned over a full season a playoff run that was majestic some balls to travis kelsey a story that would change the nfl forever and on this night logan paul wanted to use him to knock the yeet out of jay husser instead he hits the massive dome of jay d mcdonough with him that's what i'm saying of helping society tonight and in doing so logan paul probably messed up a friendship with the judge today forever that was shout out to jay uso laughing his ass off. That was the Piero Penestrator. What was up, guys? Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, You pig! Stunner! Stunner! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On Wednesday, it's gonna be May 1st, 2024. Hour 3 of the program of the Thunderdome on Wednesday. It's going to be May 1st, 2024. Hour 3 of the program starts now. Sports are fantastic. AJ didn't have a lot of pizzazz on that, but we're lucky to talk about it every single day. The Talks of the Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. One after the hammer. Cowboys turn digger. 12-year corner in the NFL. Adam Pacman Jones with a new song coming out on uh 21st of this month called we want all the smoke hell yes can't wait to hear that nine-year nfl vet host of everything db's good d bad d and the nfl matchup show on espn the ocho jerry's j ballers huh nespn and espn2 aj actually uh on the draft show, he hit me up while I was airing. Like, hey, man, some good shit. So, appreciate that, AJ. Where'd you see that, AJ? I believe it was on ESPN2. And all of a sudden, D-Butt pops up. Yeah, honestly, it's very, like, insightful. A lot of great information. D-Butt's great I believe it was. Yeah, it was on the regular, you know, programming. 3 a.m. probably? Oh, yeah. Were you up that night? No, it was like, I don't know, 6.30 p.m. or something. I don't know. That's wild. It was. Yeah, for real. We like that. Yeah, we like that a lot. We like that. We're pumped about that. We're also pumped Baltimore Ravens since 1998. Now, he's the GM of the Los Angeles Chargers alongside Jim Harbaugh, the new head coach. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Hortiz. Yay! Joe! How are you, Joe? Doing great. Appreciate you having me on. Sorry we made you wait there. You know, we're talking to Drew McIntyre. We're going to the bathroom. Got a big intro. We're doing the whole thing. We appreciate you mightily for hanging out with us here for a little bit. Yeah, and then you give me the intro, the lead-in of seeing the Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl rings right before I come on. Oh, no! Hey, that was Foxy! That's Evan Foxy! Yeah, right when I hit play, that's on me. I knew it was not going to be good. Yeah, we apologize. Yeah, we apologize for that. At the Ravens, obviously don't love that. And, of course, at the Chargers, we don't enjoy that. But, hey, the future's brand new for the Los Angeles Chargers. Since getting there, alongside, did you know Jim beforehand, obviously, with John Harbaugh being there in Baltimore? And what was the mindset immediately upon getting there for what the Los Angeles Chargers need to do going forward to win? Yeah, my relationship withim actually began in 1998 he was our starting quarterback in baltimore and uh he used to he used to whip me on the racquetball court uh on fridays him and eric zired pulled me in i was the whipping boy you know they play cutthroat and they just wanted someone to give them a break so they found the young guy the young personnel assistant to come in and and you know just give him a little cushion in there, you know, got to know him certainly through the years with John, working with John and going into Stanford at first and then Michigan, you know, on school visits. But we developed a good relationship with him, and it's been awesome since we've been together now. I mean, the mentality is tough, physical, competitive. You know, competitors welcome, Coach always says, and that's the approach we're taking all right so when you draft joe when we're doing the uh so big yeah not because his dad no no hey go back to back i want to say jim harbaugh is a beauty in every single situation but as soon as you draft joe alt there at five and there have been conversations i guess by draft expert maybe latham but a lot of people were thinking offensive line. Our reaction was this. This is all we did. We just won't like this. We just won't like this. This is exactly the first pick this new Los Angeles Chargers team was going to take was an offensive lineman. Was there ever discussion about anything else, or did you know you were going in the trenches immediately? Well, you know, we certainly talk about every player compare every player but you know we we know what the mindset is we want to develop here and uh and getting a guy like joe is just i mean you're talking about a top level talent athlete competitor great guy culture builder so like it was kind of a no-brainer pick and uh there wasn't there wasn't much debate about him and certainly yeah we want to get bigger, stronger, tougher. We're going to run the ball. We're going to pound on people. And he's just what you need for that. I love that. Go ahead, AJ. I believe I read somewhere where you have said that rounds like four through seven are when great teams, I guess, kind of separate themselves. And that's when you make the most work kind of happen and you trust your scouts. What does that mean exactly, and how do you guys think you did that this year? Well, you know, I think every draft, you know, everyone has everyone rated. All teams have the same type of boards in those first three rounds. So then you get into the fourth round, that's when you get a lot of spacing, players coming from your side boards, fifth round, sixth round. So we just kind of drill down on the players in those rounds and who's really going to help us, who are the players we really love. Get together with the scouts multiple times leading up to the draft and involve the coaches in it. Coaches are scouting everyone on our front board. They're scouting players on the sideboard. So we're getting a lot of evaluations. And then the night before that day three, we get together one last time and find out who the players are that scouts and coaches really have passion and conviction for. And you start looking at the percentages of, you know, players that make it and don't make it. It's like obviously it gets lower as the draft goes on, but up in the top, it's not like a guarantee either. You need to fill your team. Cheap back there, right? Four, five, six, seven. That's small contracts contracts for at least four years that's a big deal especially in the modern world with a quarterback getting paid right i assume that's adds a little heightened intensity on it all yeah you know i mean those top ones you're expecting to hit on right first round pick second round pick third round picks you're expecting to get players that are going to impact your team early on and start for you the fourth fifth round six round players that's where you're filling out the roster and that's where you're looking you're trying to find the gems and uh we're excited about some of the guys we got there and uh we think they'll have a chance to help us this year um but yeah you if you find a starter on day three you know we're in free agency i mean you're you're gaining so much extra value from those picks how about the niners their quarterback yeah right quarterback is the cheapest guy on the field. Think about that. That is an absurd thought that it's working out. Shouts Brock Purdy. I'm sure Mr. Irrelevant this year will be Brock Purdy too. Yeah, I'm sure that will happen. Ty has a question for you, Joe. Joe, how much say or discussion did you guys have with Justin Herbert when it came to the picks? Like, obviously, I don't know if you let him know you're going to get him, but then especially when it comes to like Ladd McConkie, like is there like a list of receivers that he maybe said like, Hey, I really like how this guy plays. I like how this guy plays or how does that process go with Justin knowing that he's obviously going to be you guys' guy for a long time? Yeah. You know, with Justin, we know what he's about. He's about competing and wanting the best team around him. And, you know, he doesn't want to be a GM. He doesn't want to be a head coach. He wants to be the quarterback for the Chargers. And so we obviously know what we need to do to build a team around him. And the key is we can help the quarterback by making our defense better, you know, and getting the ball back against him. So he trusted us. defense better, you know, and getting the ball back against. So he trusted us. And, you know, we didn't look for a lot of input from him, but our goal was to help make the team around him better, and we think we did that. You know, he can kick field goals, too, if you need them. Yeah. That guy's a freak, dude. He really is. Watch it. I'll tell you what, out here in our veteran minicamp and OTA is just watching him spin the ball and, heck, watching him run. Like he gets out there running and he's like, a guy that big shouldn't be able to move the way he does. But then you just watch him sit back and throw the ball. It's a thing of beauty. It's so impressive to see. So like Lamar, obviously, long time in Baltimore, he has an ability to avoid big hits. You know, like that's a very important trait to have, especially if you're a runner of the ball in the NFL. Justin Herbert's big, hello, I'm in the NFL play. He sent the other guy out of the game. Knocked him out. Is that not the perfect guy for you and Jim Harbaugh as quarterback? 100%. 100%. That type of mentality, toughness, physical, aggressive play, that's what we want. I love that. Number five overall pick is a pretty important one. D-Butt's got a question for you. Yeah, we know you learned under Ozzie, and his first round pick was Jonathan Ogden, so it probably wasn't a doubt you're going to take a big boy, even though you have Slater there. But was there any – did you ever come close to trading that number five pick? Did you ever get any offers that made you you know think twice about it yeah yeah we did we had a couple calls uh one probably on the clock or before the clock and while we were on the clock and it was you know it was a great offer in terms of what they were offering they weren't trying to get get get up to five for cheap uh but we felt where it would take us to just wouldn't wouldn't put us in a range of players we really wanted to consider. So, like, the best move was to take Joe. You know, we were all in on Joe. Everyone loved Joe. You know, everyone from myself, Jim, all the scouts, all the coaches, John Spanos, we all were all in on Joe. Oh, my God. Now the Internet is going to speculate who was trying to get to five. That's all that's about to happen. Go ahead and tell us, Joe. Well, you know, I won't tell you, but there were a lot of teams calling me before the draft and one called me during the draft while we were on the clock and we just weren't willing to move. Hey, Chargers digital team, let's get that shit out. We need that ASAP. Connor's got it. That was on my cell so you couldn't hear the recording So you got no idea Oh so that's why you guys do it We saw the video of Joe Douglas on his cell phone And we asked Is there not a phone to everybody Why are we relying on that Got it Yeah Oh Well that's why Joe Douglas is doing it for sure He's in the video in the back And they gotta turn up the volume just to hear anything that he's saying in there good move by you hey pretty smart respect yeah this is like when this is when players are miked you know and their nfl films everybody's like oh we're gonna get everything and then players walk right up somebody and they're like don't say anything yeah that's exactly what you guys are doing in a war room. That's awesome to think about. Go ahead, Con Man. Yeah, Joe, D-Bud kind of just mentioned it. You already have kind of the one great left tackles that is young and coming up and needs to be paid soon with Rashawn Slater. Obviously, Joe Walt, left tackle at Notre Dame. How do you manage who plays left, who plays right? Is there some sort of rock paper scissors game here and then especially with the recent drama with guys who have played right tackle and then you know wanted to play left tackle orlando brown actually at you know baltimore how do you kind of envision managing that type of situation if you know hopefully things play out the way they do and they both become all pros at their position yeah you know our coaches will decide where players play the players will show where they belong to play i think the goal is to put the best five guys out there when you're talking about the offensive line and uh and we did it in baltimore when i was there we took orlando he was left tackle put him at right and and he just wanted to play and and joe knowing the competitor joe is he's going to play wherever we put him and uh and And same goes for the rest of the guys on our offensive line. So we're going to put the best five out there and get after it. I forget before the draft. I'll be excited to see how that shapes out because, I mean, just dogs. It's not bad to have a plethora of dogs on the offensive line, especially when you pay the quarterback and everything like that. There was a little bit of chatter. I don't remember if it was after the draft or before the draft that we didn't really think of but when jim was coming out talking about jj mccarthy being the best quarterback in the draft the best workout he's ever seen some people i guess were like all right prove it trade us justin herbert and then you guys draft jj mccarthy was there any real conversations that took place around like not from your side but other people calling thinking it's a potential reality? No, I can tell you this. I never got one call about it. I had some loose questions at the combine. They were quickly shot down. So there was no real discussions about us ever trading Justin Herbert or teams really being interested. They know what we have. So they knew where we stood. So there was no real questions. I know there were some rumors out there, but I don't know where they're coming from. They're not coming from the charge organization because none of us got calls. That would have been awesome. If your first move in there, it's like, get this guy. Who's the guy that everybody in our fan base loves? Who is the guy that everybody is trying to find? And how the hell do we get him out of here? What a move. I may have been the shortest-lived GM in the history of the NFL. Congratulations, you're hired up. Never mind. Okay, Hortiz, go ahead and take a fucking hike, pal. I don't think you understand what you're supposed to do here. Trying to build a team to win, you see. That is the whole goal of this. Go ahead, Tone. Joe, you ended up taking two of them, but before the draft, did Harbaugh let you know that you have to at least take one Michigan player off of his national championship team? No, you know, I tell you what, he was so awesome with that. He certainly loves every single one of those players for good reason. They're great players. They're great people. He won a national title with them. He trusted the process, the stacking. I figured eventually we're going to end up having a good shot to get one. I didn't know who it was going to be. Felt like Junior might be there in the third round, although it would be a long shot based on where everyone was predicting him. But we were all fired up to get him. And then the double down on Cornelius late in the draft was a guy that's just big, tough, competitive, made plays for him. And it's kind of a no-brainer pick there when he's sitting on the board. It feels like the easiest way to scout him is to have the head coach that recruited him in there, has been with him the entire time, you know, the ins and outs and the cut of their jib. I would like to know why nobody else sang with Jim. Yeah. That's bullshit. You know, I thought we were a fucking team, Joe. I thought we were a team. Their fight songs, it's the same flow of Auburn's fight songs. So if I would have started singing, I would have been singing Auburn's fight song. Got it. It's the same cadence, and I don't know Michigan's fight song. But I didn't want to get involved in that. Jesse probably could have just jumped up there and got going on that. Hey, he nailed it. Jim nailed it. How about Jim just in front of the whole room? Go blue. Go blue. It's like, hell, here it is. Here'll be the Chargers fight song. The Concrete Heroes, hail, hail to Michigan. The leaders in v fans. Hail to the victors valiant. Hail to the conquering heroes. Joe, you just walked out? Hail to Michigan, the champions of the West. Go blue. I was going to have to tell our defensive coaches. I was going to have to tell them. Hey, Jim's doing some shit. It felt like a jovial room. That's good vibes. Everybody seems a little bold. We had fun in the draft. I mean, listen, we work in football. Let's have fun. That's our mentality. Work hard, play hard, compete. But most of all, just have fun doing it. It's a grind. And if you don't enjoy what you do, maybe you should do something else. So we're having a blast out here. How many picks? We had nine. You might have drafted nine Hall of Famers. Yep. Probably. The son of one. Bingo. Legitimately have no idea going forward what's going to happen with him. Could be a damn Hall of Famer on the way out there. Why not? All of them. Why not have a blast in the draft? We got a little tired and bored towards the end of the first round. During our draft spectacular. We got a little tired, a little bummed out. But then Bill Belichick just started telling stories for 20 minutes. How much of that, how much are you dialed in to the draft in there? And how much is wasting time, passing time to see if there's any moves to be made? You know, we certainly, we have the draft on we're watching it um you know but you're really just kind of when when you pick a five you start thinking okay as the players come off you know what's what's the strategy who's going to be there and you just kind of watch uh as it unfolds once you get into day two and day three you know you're going to go deeper in terms of your picks and your stacks so you're kind of you're following strategy seeing and kind of anticipating who's going to be available what position runs are going you know this this group's eventually is going to quit picking wide outs or dbs or whatever it is and this is the stack we're going to probably be picking from so a little bit of strategy a little conversation like i said you know jim and i are talking john spence and i are talking the whole time what are are we thinking here? And so more focused than you think, but still having fun. Does Jim just start lifting in the middle? Just take his shirt off? Just start lifting in the middle? Does he have cleats on during the draft? He does not have cleats on during the draft, no. That's only on the draft. Okay, good. Yeah, because we couldn't see the bottom with the way they cut the camera we were wondering is there is there cleats down go ahead aj uh we mentioned how you want to have you know tough competitive gritty smart players i would assume if you talk to any gm around the league they they would have a similar thing how do you make sure that you're actually doing that you're actually bringing the right type of people and we know jim's going to bring that culture with him but But how do you kind of, yeah, that's what we all want, but how do you guys make sure that that's who you're bringing in? Yeah, you know, when you watch the film on a player, you see it. You see the physicality they play with, you know, the finish they play with A.J. Late in the game, are they are they going hard during practice and a lot of it comes from the support staff you know what they say the players like off the field in the weight room is mentality so you kind of put it all together to paint the picture but certainly the film's going to tell you the initial story and and it's going to validate what you're hearing off the field or contradict it. When you do like combine and all those sit-down interviews, is it all bullshit now because everybody's kind of prepped with everything that could potentially happen? Do you feel that way? And is the visit the most important part of it all? You know, you can take advantage of the combine visit still. I think we don't try to ask them canned questions so we don't get canned answers i think a lot of it is just to let the player be himself in the room and kind of identify you know we watch a lot of film with them you know and talk ball and talk you know you know talk about him as a person uh but it's really to try to get them to show us who they are we're not really looking to ask them the canned questions and where they're from and things that they can prepare for. We just want them to be themselves and kind of show us who they are. It's more of them talking, and the questions are more ball-related, so we kind of get a scope of their knowledge of where they're coming from and what we think they can do. Do you find yourself getting distracted by the awesomeness of Jim Harbaugh? I tell you what, you walk in the room, you feel it, don't you? Like, I mean, there's an incredible amount of energy with him. It's awesome. I really do. I mean, I feel blessed. I work for a great, great organization. First time GM, get hired by the Spanos family. And then Jim Harbaugh is my head coach and Justin Herbert's our quarterback. And, man, I really feel lucky and blessed. I really do. It's really a perfect thing to walk into. Anytime I've been around him, it's hard not to just watch everything he does. That's entertaining. Yeah, at the annual league meeting, he tackled me in the hallway to explain why he thinks the hip drop tackle should be out of the game. I'm like, Coach, we like physical football. We want to keep football football. We're banning the hip drop tackle. He's like, we're not banning tackling. We're banning the hip drop tackle. And then he grabs me and then does a hip drop tackle to me. He's like, we're trying to get rid of this. This is what we're getting rid of. And it's just like this man's a fucking weapon, Joe. He is. He is. I mean, he walks in the room, lights it up, man. And, like, you talk about the combine interviews, you know, the script, and everyone canned and, you know, everyone's prepared. They're not prepared to walk in with the coach, man. Like, you walk in there, the energy is just elite. And so that's what it does. It pulls it out from the player so you see the guys that can keep up with coach you know and have that same energy so it's it's he's special now he's he's a unique unique unique coach who brings energy charisma passion knowledge of the game experience at the level so it all comes out that it's it's awesome and he wins that's why he does everywhere that's why he wins, you know. He's proven it over and over. I think his dad said, if my kid's quirky, is how you want to describe it, I hope that I'm quirky as well because his players love him. They work hard for him. They win. They show up at every stage. It's like, yup, yup, yup, yup. and every say it's like yeah yup yup yup yup literally everything about him screams winning all the time he's a reigning national champion yeah i mean and then he got tattooed yes he did awesome yeah the most jim harbaugh tattoo of all time oh yeah just we don't need any pizzazz here yeah no flair just give me a letter 15 0. that is all that's all we need in this entire thing yeah absolutely pac-man's got a question for you, Joe. Joe, we know Jim's going to run the ball. He went and got the big guy up front. Deep running back room, but you got rid of two veteran-wide receivers. Are you good with the receivers you got with the younger guys, or are you looking at bringing in a veteran? How do you feel in the receiver room? Yeah, Pac-Man, you know, I think you're always looking to add players at all positions. But in terms of our room, you know, really excited about Josh and Q and D.D. walking in in the building and Simi. You know, we know we know there's some young talent here. And then being able to add the three players we added, really excited. And I feel like it's going to be competitive and and there's going to be some playmakers out there and some speed and size. And then, sure, you're always looking outside. How can we continue to improve? So keep an eye on the market and keep an eye on the players out there. Did you call him DD? What's that? Did you call him Lad DD? No, that's Lad. No, I'm talking about the guys that were here before we had the draft. I was about to say, because two D's on that name. Was that Darius Davis from TCU? Yeah, D.D. Oh, okay, yeah. D.D., yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay, got it, yeah. Because I thought, I was like, does Ladd go by D.D.? That's not great. I actually think Ladd's given name may be Andrew. It is. It is, right? Ladd is Midland. Yeah, so my 11-year-old hits me up with a text, you know, Julian, my youngest. And he's like, Dad, I'm confused here because on the draft tracker, it says Andrew McConkie. I'm like, well, he goes by Ladd. So it didn't make sense to him he's like do we pick the wrong guy you know no i just put that up well there's been like an email issue or a fax issue in the past uh when it came comes to trades or moves if you were to draft the wrong person in 2024 that would be awesome you're talking about trading justin herbert can run that would be uh What did you see in Ladd? Obviously, 4-3-9. The guy's a winner. I don't think I've. I think when we did game day, he gave tickets to a kid. And, like, he's a hero down there in Athens, obviously. What did you see in him? And did you think he was going to be around in the second round? So, we thought he could go towards the end of the first we did uh you know we were hoping he'd be around in the second that's obviously what one of the reasons we traded up for him we were worried about you know hey let's not let him get away from us uh and uh it didn't cost us much but in terms of a player you know he's versatile certainly plays inside and outside um just such a great feel for the game and spatial awareness um and then you add the explosive element of his speed on top of it, it's really a dynamic combination of things. And great after the catch, tough, competitive. You love his story. Walk on, former walk on, just earned reps with a bunch of good players on that roster and no coaches that coached him that are no longer there that talk about how great of a player he was when they had all that talent around them and they couldn't keep him off the field. And I have a good relationship with Kirby. On Auburn right there, cooking Auburn. I know, I know, I know. It happens at times, you know. We're going to turn it around down there, you know. He was going to flip the script. Jeez. He likes that route. Double move. He's giving you double moves. Yeah, you guys are showing he's so sudden and explosive and such a great route runner so just knows how to get open knows how to do something after the catch 439 there for him uh did you think about drafting cooper dejean too just to do the unicorn uh tag team there best player available yeah yeah amen all right hey coach Sorry, I don't want to call you coach. Nobody would say GM either, though. No. Yeah, sir, maybe. They just call you Joe. Yeah, you can call me Joe. You get called coach every once in a while. You know, people, because you know you're right. They're not going to call you GM. So, Joe, is that the proper? Yeah, I guess, yeah. I've been calling you Joe the whole damn time So I hope it's not disrespectful I mean Joe with a G Oh, like go? Oh yeah, I guess that changes it to go Be the English language Yeah, whoops That's on us Anyways, we appreciate you joining us, man Thank you for taking so much time Absolutely, appreciate you guys having me on What do we got right now? What's going on? Obviously, OTAs are taking place And then we got yeah OTAs right now and then I'm gonna I'm gonna head on home uh to Baltimore to go see my family they're still out there so hold on hold on Jim's in an RV I heard you're in a interesting living predicament as well right now yeah yeah so I live with uh it caught the local media off guard when I said I live with uh Chad Alexander our assistant GM and Corey Crawick our uh director of strategy who I brought over from Baltimore so you know I media off guard when i said i live with uh chad alexander our assistant gm and cory crawl with our uh director of strategy who i brought over from baltimore so you know i got i got a three-bedroom house that's big enough for my family when they come out to visit but you know i told them like listen i'm gonna have this house we're gonna be moving up to el segundo in in june so if you guys want to just crash at the place where my family's not here, you're welcome to. They stay at the house, and they each have their own room. Corey's got to sleep on a little day bed with a trundle, so he kind of gets the short end of the stick. Director of strategy, maybe one day you'll get an assistant GM or GM title, pal. Yeah, we get it. That's amazing. Sounds like he has a college atmosphere over there. Sweet. It is. Yeah, it is. You got Jim and G-Ro living. They were living across from each other in their RVs, and we got a bunch of roommates here in the house. General manager. G-Ro. Living with the assistant. Talking ball all the time. G-Ro's back. Good names. Yeah, Greg Roman. I mean, that video of them in their RV talking about how nice this is. Yeah. So good. When it rains, sleep in at night. Oh, it's best sleep ever, said Jim Harbaugh. It's a wonderful program. You guys are seemingly building over there, and we appreciate the hell out of you, Joe. I appreciate you guys. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Hortiz. Yay! Joe! He even had, like, similar cadence to Jim when he was talking. Like, a couple different times, it was like, oh, that sounds like a Jim Harbaugh bar there. What a perfect... Awesome. I met him in 1998 playing racquetball. Yeah, he needed to beat somebody's ass real quick. I was the young guy they put in there. And now they're being tasked with making sure that Justin Herbert, the Lambo, the Ferrari that he is, gets to the place that he's supposed to. That's obviously a tall task, but it feels like over there they've got enough experience. And I love the moxie coming out of that building everywhere, AJ. Yeah, I was unaware that he had two roommates. So that would be just watching them interact. Hey, you guys, what do you want for door dash tonight? Just all the little things would be fun to see how they work everything out. Putting something back into the fridge that maybe only has a little bit left. Who's the asshole? Oh, that big director of strategy. Putting your name on it. Putting your name on stuff, like on different milk. Like, this is mine. Don't touch this. You think they had a mock draft board in the house? Oh, yeah. It's On the fridge? I bet you there was something like a magnet. Each time you go to the fridge, you've got to put the next pick of the draft in there. All right, let's get out of here. Any brews in it? Definitely. Oh, yeah. Joe Hortiz had a brew. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Work hard, play hard, he said. What a team. Yeah, they could be pretty sweet this year. They've got They lost some shit Got Justin Herbert That's the big fish Gotta have a quarterback They did bring in the entire Ravens running back room Gus Edwards and J.K. Dobbins Very good Could you imagine them trading away Justin Herbert To New England There's not a world where That's just awesome to think about when that came out Oh Jim is that right, huh? Best you ever seen? Hmm. Okay, sweet. How about three ones? Do it. For Justin Herbert. How about it? How about it? And Joe said nobody called. Nobody. There was a couple passing conversations he said at the combine. That could have been 2 a.m. Yeah. It could have been 2 a.m., 3 a.m., depending upon where it is. 5, though. Yeah, I mean, they were never trading. So what we just heard is they were never trading. Jim was working. Yeah, never. Jim was working. And they're taking all. Let's get JJ up to 4. Yeah. Let's get JJ up to 4. I feel like he was under close to getting out of 5. He said the offer was really good. What's a really good offer for five, do you think? I wouldn't expect you to have a five. The future? One? He said it went too far back. Yeah, it has to be in that top seven if it was a really good offer because that means they were still going to have a top six. So like Giants maybe? Shefty was pounding the drum that the Giants almost went up to three to get you all. But he said he didn't think their players that he liked would be there if he made the trade. So how far back is that? Maybe it was like the Vikings trying to move up to five as opposed to ten. Or pennants. Yeah, or pennants. Depending upon who they were. Atlanta could have tried moving up, yeah. I was going to ask him. I said, wait, was Atlanta trying to get up for the pennants? Is that what I thought? They didn't want to put them into this. Yeah, Poles was sitting there right there at 9 to ask him about it. I just couldn't do it. Or the Raiders. Didn't they like Pennix? Yeah. Oh, it could have been the Raiders trying to make a little move there. Telesco calling his old team. Yeah, that's probably why he didn't call. I bet Joe picked up like, hey, you fucked me. I've been over this all the time since I got here. Shut up. Bang. here shut up bang on his cell phone oh yeah sorry sorry you're right it would have been it would have been like the vet savvy move the cell phone we've learned today okay so that's the play that's why any of these videos we see they are trying not to be heard we'll end today's show with the video joe douglas but before we get to that i think we need to do a giveaway you know on this wednesday giveaway with pac-man jones in the building um pac-man what do you want to do, pal? Is your mic off? He's giving some good thoughts. I was looking this way. Did you give an answer? I didn't. Dramatic. We got basketball tonight. Okay. All right. Here we go. Where do you want to shoot from? Even from the corner. You haven't hit it. What are we giving away? Like UFC gloves? Yeah. Signed. You need one from the corner. You haven't hit it. What are we giving away? Like UFC gloves? Yeah, signed. Signed UFC gloves. That's it. Well, that's my next question. I mean, yeah, we'll give away some signed UFC gloves from us. They are really cool. Us, we will. We'll sign them. Oh, even better. Also, there's a Paul Skeens. No, I'm joking. Maybe throw UFC 300 hat as well. Oh! Maybe a seven and a half young box ball cap. Okay. Maybe some dude wipes. Got a couple boxes. Shout out to dude wipes, by the way. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice that might change their life, just like our friends at dude wipes. Go ahead and get a portable bidet with our friends at dude wipes. One per flush. Just one. You only need one. That's all you need. one per flush. Just one. You only need one. Gotta do two. I'm sorry. Sorry. I gotta do two. Close it and use it again. I gotta use the Kaboli method. Maybe start eating healthier. Okay? If you need to use two dude wipes to wipe your ass after spraying. Dry wet dry. Wet dry. Just wet to dry. That's all you need. That's it. Alright, Pac-Man Jones. To win 20 people, $500. What's going on with gloves? Nah, the gloves. 20 people? Gloves are pretty cool. We have 20 sets of the UFC gloves? I think so. I'm pretty sure we do. 20 people, $500. What? The whole company is getting about sick of giving money to other people. I'm actually fucking done with it. I'm not sick of it. I'm fucking done with it. Thank you. Everybody's very thankful. Yep. They're very thankful. So am I. Yeah. People don't... Never mind. 20 people... All 20 are real individuals, too, I bet. Do we have any tickets to the Indy 500, or are they all sold out? Sold out? Well, they're not sold could maybe save a seat on that 757. Yeah, maybe. One of the first class ones? One of the middle seats. No, the leaders, the ones that are asking for water, they're in the first class. Obviously, they've got to be closest to the pilot. The leaders, yeah. Smartest people on earth at those schools, AJ. Smartest people. What a wild time to be alive. Yeah, they got a real grasp of life, too, the way they're talking. The smartest people. All right. Let's move along. Let's move along. We don't need to do this. 20 people, $500. What are you doing? You tell me. Are you shooting from the corner? If it's just an NBA 3, I want to let you know, we only have two shots at this thing. Only have two shots from the corner. 20 people, $500. Adam Pacman Jones. New song coming out on the 21st of this month. If he makes this... Oh, that was good. It looked in rhythm, too. Still got it. You ran a 4... 6? 5.1. 4.5.1. 4.5.1 just a year ago. Huh? All right. If you want to redo that, look it up someday. Giveaway of UFC gloves. Adam Pacman Jones from the corner. If he Ray Allens 20 people, win $500 with Mitt in the room behind him. Nope. Oh, shit. All right, I think 20 people owe us $500. Okay. Because he hits the backboard. So if you're going to pay that, go ahead and tweet us. Hey, that was good work. Hey, Pat, that was good work. Hey, Pat. Nice week. You got robbed in the first one. Yeah. What the fuck happened? What happened? You got robbed in the first one. Yeah. What? What happened? I'm thinking like... What's going on? I'm thinking it was high school basketball games when somebody would huck up one off the fucking side of the backboard from the corner. Oh, my God. The rude things that were said to people. Back in those days. That's two sections coming after you. Yeah. Oh, my. That's actually exactly how the WNBA finals ended, if I recall. Really? Left corner. D-Bots. Wide open. I mean, what? D-Bots. Wide open. Side of the point. I'm fucking glad. Why are you bringing this up? I'm sorry. It was pressure. It happens sometimes. She jumps off. Game was already over. Game was already over. WNBA ball is smaller than the NBA ball. Correct. Why would that happen? We've already win that one today. Yeah. Oh! If this goes in, everybody's going to get on the same page about everything. Alright. And that break ball. Come on! This is a big shot right here. The way to the world on W ball. You sure you want to shoot it with that ball? It's smaller so there's a bigger hoop. Which... Why the... I don't know. Everybody's going to come together and agree on everything. That's right. Come on, pass. Yay! We did it! There we go. Never a doubt. Look at you. It's all over. Biggest shot in the history of shots. Holy fuck. No more war. All we said, we want to be a unifier. Yep. That's what we want. We want to be a unifier. And the universe said, you got it. I just got a breaking ceasefire, Ukraine, Russia, Okay, here we go. Just happened as you hit that. Holy shit, it's all happening. That's what we're talking about. Whole world agrees on everything. Boom. That's what we're here for. Ah, it's fake. Oh, shit. Boner Garage. You can't be taking Boner Garage's updates on world stuff, but the ball just told us everything's going to be okay. Give me five. And that's what I'm talking about. Good for everybody. Good for everybody. Big thanks to Joe Hortiz for coming on. Drew McIntyre, Ryan Poles, Kachucky Cheese stopping by. It was a hell of a Wednesday. We can't wait for tomorrow. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this for a living. Pac-Man, hey, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. 21st, we want all the smoke coming out. Can't wait to hear it. great work this week town phenomenal job doing what you do thank you brother toxic table way to go boys thank you too pat connor you're as smart as that fucking dolphin today i'll tell you what i mean that shirt it hasn't been really mentioned that's one of the best shirts i think the stage yeah richard jewel got framed in centennial park he's trying to save the world but um it's from abercrombie & Fitch. Really? Hell yeah. This must be an oversized shirt. Really? Oh, it's the Foxy Mannequins that they make it for. Bingo. This kind of took me back to high school where my legs didn't fit in any Abercrombie & Fitch or Hollister pants. Just didn't fit. My ass wouldn't fit. Just couldn't do it. Everybody looked so cool as they smelled ridiculous wearing those fucking pants and I couldn't do it. So I get in there, they got these oversized shirts. I'm like, that's a sweet shirt. Look at that thing. I put it on. Just fit like a regular shirt. Oh. I'm like, uh, well, I wish they would have had some oversized shit back in the day which they do with pants they fit me like a slim fit look like parachute pants on foxy he's bought the whole entire store i do believe yeah we're back in 2002 now boys abercrombie and fitch has done it david that's not i wish brother 2002. no this is a completely new company it's a whole new company in there you got they got nascar they got this they yeah really i've never i've been in there if you went to&F in 2002, you had to wear four polos, and they all had to have their collars. You had to poop a shit on that, Chris? Well, ever since I can remember, I've been popping my collar. Popping, popping my collar. It does look cool when you fucking pop it. Oh, yeah. There's assholes still wearing two or three. Yeah, they wear short shirts under the long sleeve shirt. Your collar's up right now. What are you talking about? You're like a fucking asshole. Your collar's up right now. This is a zip. This is a quarter zip. You got a polo on with it. Come on, man. Hey, don't worry about it. What about three of them? People used to wear three polos. All three collars popped the long sleeve shirts under the short sleeve shirt. Yep. What do you know about that? Me and you ordered a lot of cool shirts and stuff today. We did. A fellow Sunday Red, Mark. That's not how you say it. It was sold out. Sunday Red. Thank you. Available at 6 a.m. this morning. Yeah. And no longer. Sold out. It's gone. There's some stuff left. That's why he needed to make the cut at the Masters. You got to take a loan out to afford any of that shit. Is it crazy? I mean, I just saw basically a white tee for 90 bucks. I said, all right, I don't know if I'm going to be enjoying any sun, day, red, year. It's like 150 for a hoodie. It's worth it. It's fucking Eldrick. Yeah, that's everything. It's like Lulu. Inflation, bro. I love Ty, but he shot like 18 over on Sunday at the Masters this year. I don't know if I'm spending half a leg. All he was trying to do was get to the weekend so that he could wear his Sunday red on Sunday. Everybody's wondering, like, why didn't he play good? He was more worried about Neal Shipley. Look at that 3D knit polo. It's knit. $150. No one's going to buy that. Tiger knitted it himself. You think Tiger was dropping it going to TJ Maxx? That's a good point, D-Buck. I can do 90 for a dry fit polo. 3D knit mock. What's that? T-shirt. $150. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Those are nice. I would spend $175 on the Cypress Tunnel camo polo. There's camo one up here too. The tiger camo polo on the right. Yeah, that's $175. That's coming home to me. So is the cypress stripe polo for somehow only 135 versus the camo polo i mean that 3d knit polo though is come on tag what to die for that's ridiculous hey can you tigers be trying to grow the game this is not growing the game what if the logo is right on the back hey it doesn't even have a logo. Yeah, it does. Hey! What? What side are you on? I love Tiger Woods, but we need to grow the game of golf because the game of golf is awesome. This is doing the complete opposite of that. Oh, you're telling me Tiger didn't grow the game of golf? What about the hunt? That's my point. That All right, let's stop looking at the website. We love Sun. DJ. Brad. We would like to support Tiger, even though he's already a billionaire. We would like to support Tiger for everything he's done for sport. We do appreciate that. Speaking of sport, we'll be back tomorrow talking about more of them. NBA playoffs, NHL happening, obviously. We'll chit-chat about that. Any other bullshit that takes place in the sports world or the actual world, we'll also talk about. Nobody's given us enough credit for the 757, but hopefully others will lead from the front. And as we close out here, here's an inside look at the war room for the New York Jets as they continue to try to work the phones and see if they can do anything. We'll see you tomorrow. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together. Yeah, and if the universe ball tells us anything Everybody's about to agree with each other. That's beautiful news count on me. So if you do that, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff. Washington, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff. So if you do that, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff. So if you do that, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff. So if you do that, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff. So if you do that, you're going to find yourself in a lot of stuff Washington has submitted its pick. Cleveland is now in the clock. With the 53rd pick in the 2024 NFL Drive, the Buffalo Bills select Cole Bichot, DB, Utah. Detroit has made its pick. Baltimore is now in the box. Baltimore has made its pick. San Francisco is Dallas, Boston. Yeah. Thank you. We'll be right back. Thank you. So if I'm calling a player, now I'm calling you.