Thank you. so The Thank you. so Thank you. so so so so The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't have! We won't have! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people. And welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this feel-good Friday, May 31st, 2024, this program starts right now. Sports! Man, they're the greatest thing on earth, aren't they? Hell yeah. Last night, there was multiple playoff games in two different leagues, and I'll tell you what, it was a beautiful evening. Not only did the Dallas Mavericks just beat the shit out of the Minnesota Timberwolves to win that series in advance to the NBA Finals against the Boston Celtics. Starting next week, the Florida Panthers go into New York and take a 3-2 series lead after a 3-2 game winner. And I will say this. For a time in sports in which they aren't our leagues, we can't thank sports enough for being as electrifying as they are being. Because even in the blowout of the Minnesota Timberwolves last night, there was enough to watch to make you stay interested in the game. Mostly, Luka Doncic saying to himself, everybody's talking about the next face of the NBA. Everybody has every other name that they want to be up there as the new one that's going to carry the NBA. Wemby, this guy's an alien. Ant-Man, this guy's a dog. He's the guy. Hey, maybe Tatum or Jalen Brown or maybe anybody except for this particular fella who just went absolutely bonkers he was hitting shots literally from the logo so you got to guard him outside but then he has enough moves to go inside and hit you in the paint he's talking shit the entire time and snoop dogg's watching the game and all he can literally do a couple different times is like what is this guy playing he's playing a different sport than everybody else then you's in a tag team alongside Kyrie. Luka outscored the Minnesota Timberwolves in the first quarter. Luka and Kyrie outscored the Minnesota Timberwolves in the entire first half. It was a blowout literally from the beginning all the way through. But congrats to the Dallas Mavericks making it to the finals. Banking home shots like that. Skipping away on one foot. If those are going to continue to fall, we're going to have a great series with this Boston Celtics team that has been phenomenally dominant through the Eastern Conference of this entire playoff series. Most recently, sweeping a very talented and gritty Indiana Pacers squad. I think we're in for a good one. Doesn't start until next week, though, because both of these things ended so quickly, and obviously with TV schedules and yada, yada, yada. So of these things ended so quickly and obviously with TV schedules and yada yada yada so the boys should be feeling good they should be rested up and we should be in for a great one now we are staring down a ton oh yeah right around the corner I don't love it at all a couple weeks away so let's make sure we enjoy the hell out of this right now the toxic tables here at Boston Connor and at Ty Schmidt you got a tripping balls wolf on your shirt I love love that. Yeah, yeah. Again, just reaching purple. You know, feel good Friday. I thought, I'll wear a purple shirt today. I love the color purple. That's literally the only reason why. That is for shoot. The only reason why I grabbed it. It happened to be this one. There are multiple purple shirts, but I just decided, you know what? I like that shade of purple. Hey, Club Mustangs. One half of the hammer. Cowboys, Tone Diggs is here. Now, Tone, hockey obviously going to remain exciting over the next couple days, but basketball takes a break for about, you know, five days or so, a week or whatever it is. It's like, are we going to get bummed out? What are we going to do? Just gamble on baseball? Is that what you're going to be doing? Yeah, we're still on the first five trades. We've been Explain, please. First five for baseball is instead of betting the full game, the full nine innings, you only have to bet the first five, so the winner after the first five. Which is normally the aces taking each other on, so you have a little bit more information on who's going to be playing, who's not going to be playing. You don't need to know what the bullpen's going to do because the starter should be finishing at least five innings because that's how long it takes to document a win or a loss. Exactly. A little less research so you can just look at the starting pitchers. You don't have to see who in the bullpen pitched yesterday or the day before. Are they not going today? And then the opposing hitters. So, yeah, that's going to come more to the forefront here after these finals and stuff ends. And that's really all you got. Well, actually, we got a nice little summer coming on. Oh, the Europes. We also have the Summer Olympics this summer. So it's actually, as far as summers go, best-paced scenario. In four years, yeah, at least. So we're pumped about that, obviously. And you talk about aces. We'll have Paul Skeens and Jerry Jones of the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Hunter Boys, the Allegheny Electric Company, Pitchburg, I believe, Jet Pass. It might have slipped in yesterday, or he just was choking on something while he was talking, and he said Pittsburgh. We'll be talking both the guys that are throwing over 100 miles an hour for the Pittsburgh Pirates and bringing hope and optimism to a town that hated the sport for a long time back. And it should be a blast. We never talk to two people at the same time unless it's a Japanese man who doesn't speak a lot of English. He has an interpreter next to him right we'll be talking to both the hunter boys at the same exact time normally these suck i'm gonna say it but i think with the way these two have been working together perfectly yeah in unison as two rookies that are taking over the mlb two different fashions one fresh out of college one's been around a little bit it is his rookie uh campaign still so i think it'll go well we'll also have paul bizonette joining us of spit and chick with podcasts and also tnt's nhl coverage in the second hour uh we'll also have michael lombardi joining us in about 10 minutes chit chat about otas and what needs to be chatted about in the nfl that's real and what's not real and joining us right now is a man who every time he comes on here he just preaches that gospel okay what an incredible guest. So smart. The person that I hear most say from friends and people I run into, they go, I hated Austin Rivers. That guy was the worst. Duke guy, bullshit guy. Nepotism. Hate this guy. Because of his dad, they said. And then they say, he comes on your show. I love that guy. He's the dad, they said. And then they say, I love that guy. That guy's awesome. That's a guy you need to have on your show more often. What a baby-faced turn for him. Ladies and gentlemen, Austin Rivers. That's what people say, dude. A lot of that. A lot of that. The intros are just getting better and better. I love it every time I come on here. Thank you guys for having me once again. I appreciate it. Well, it's the reality of the situation. Whenever I get out and about... Nepotism? Well, I don't think we've... That just kind of came in. That was more so the people just saying, hey, you're only in the league because your dad's out. I was a top 10 pick. I was a top 10 pick. Exactly. That's because you're mad. Bronny's about to be a top 10 pick as well, nonetheless. Bronny won the number one player in the game. I also led my team in scoring as a freshman at a university called Duke. Not too bad. I'm only a very select few who's done that. Let me talk my shit today. Yeah, absolutely, as you should. And I think this is potentially a reason why people enjoy you. And the nepotism thing, obviously, Ty heard that from his neighbors. That's right. But you are the human that whenever I go out and about and I catch up with people that I haven't talked to in a long time and they watch the program or whatever, they go, thought Austin Rivers was a massive piece of shit. I had no idea. And then he comes on your show. I'm being serious when I say this. People love you on the program. I hope you get to feel that. We're very thankful that you come on here. I got to be honest with you. I have gotten a lot of good publicity from being on this show. And when I say good publicity, I've always gotten publicity, but this is positive one. This is good. Baby face. Yeah, yeah. I love it. And I actually enjoy coming on the show and talking to you guys. So I appreciate you having me. Well, we hate it, but it works. So let's get through this as quick as possible. No. Last night, Luka decided they were going to win that game. And obviously, Kyrie and he went bananas. He beat the Minnesota Timberwolves in the first quarter himself. He and Kyrie beat the Minnesota Timberwolves in the entire first half by themselves with what they scored. It is a dominating performance in a knockout game. And you heard Charles Barkley and Shaq and everybody on the TNT inside the NBA crew. Charles Barkley was embarrassed for the Timberwolves. Like, hey, you're the desperate ones here. You're the ones that are supposed to show up like the Mavericks showed up. Why do you think the Mavericks did that? Do you think they were pissed that there wasn't a sweep? And do you think they can carry this emotion into a very hostile TD Garden Boston Celtics team? You know, Dallas reminds me of one of those teams that like hit stride at the right time in the NCAA tournament. You ever see one of those teams that was like good all year and then the NCAA tournament comes and they just hit stride and now they're hot. They're playing a level of basketball that I have not seen them play, particularly on the defensive end. I always knew Luka could score, Kyrie could score, but now they're doing it in unison. PJ Washington, Gafford, all these additions that they got midseason proved to be huge, huge additions. And then Luka's just the baddest player on the planet with the basketball in his hands right now, man. I mean, let's just call it what it is. He's unbelievable. And I love Ant. I love Shea. I love some of these other young players. Tatum. him luca is the best player in the nba and the only person that you could say outside of that or who has a chance to even be that would be nicola because he's won three mvps you gotta you gotta put him in the conversation i respect but this dude right here first off just for boston fans leave him alone leave him alone every fan that does this thing with him and like aggregate you know you know gets him angry he ends up just cooking and just destroying everything in sight in front of him. He did this versus Phoenix. He did it versus the Clippers when a fan got into it with him. Yesterday, he's looking over there chatting with Snoop Dogg. Up 30, look at him. Look at him. Look at this guy. He told somebody, who's crying now, motherfucker? There's people that need that or are motivated by that type of stuff. And obviously we've seen the videos of the basketball that he grew up in in the arenas. You know, it's like I think he does need somebody potentially to like flip the switch. There's some people like that, Austin. Yeah, he looks for something like that. It's like sometimes he'll shoot or he'll complain. He He looks for something like that. It's like sometimes he'll shoot or he'll complain. He'll look at the crowd looking for someone to give him that, and then he'll just be like, you know what? That's my next five minutes. I'm going to go at that guy five minutes, and it's going to be because of you. I went on this 12-0 run. Dude's shooting it four feet behind the line, step backs. Brother, he's unbelievable, and the fact that he does this with very little athleticism just shows you the level of skill that this guy has very little athleticism or is that because he's white okay oh hard we get it yeah he's in early i should say i should say traditional i should say traditional athlete because he's not like your traditional you know jumping quick Yeah, can't dance. Yeah, alright. We get it. He does have rhythm. Not coordinating. We understand what you're trying to say here, okay? And half of you is being very hypocritical right now. I just want to let you know that. The other half of me is like, what the hell are we doing right now, guys? I hear you. I'm conflicted a lot of times when I talk about Luka, but he is athletic. It's just in a different way. But he is unbelievable, man. And body control, controlling a game, getting fouls. My God, man. He's box office. In my eyes, he's the best guard in the NBA. And he's showing at this playoffs, again, just how dominantic is. There's nothing you can do with him. He gets to any spot he wants to. He picks the... The way he was able to pick the defensive part, Minnesota, the number one defense in the NBA, by the way, unbelievable. He's crafty, obviously. Sneaky, athletic, like all those things. We get it. We understand what... He's a dog. He is. He's a dog. So that this question because of anthony edwards dogness we will say throughout the playoffs that we were seeing and him talking shit and how he plays in his competitive edge we all fell in love and by we i mean people that are like kind of outside of the nba then the nba folks started saying like hey this is the new face of the league here ant-man's gonna be the new face of the league obviously wemby he's gonna be the next face of the league nobody really talks about luca why is that because of he's just so untraditional the way he plays basketball in the nba and i don't mean that by he's white but because he moves slow he does you know like he doesn't seemingly he's not super flashy not dunking on people is that why or what do you think it is i think uh i think sometimes we get i think just in the media in general i think we get used to greatness you know what i mean This is a guy who's been first team all NBA five years in a row. So it's not like he hasn't been spectacular. No other young player has that type of title that they can say. Tatum's made first team this year and a couple other years. This has been a continued thing for Luka. He's been the baddest guard in the league for a while now. His game isn't the more exciting players to watch in the league. Other people might not, but I think it is the fact that they're able to use their skill and IQ to dominate the game at such a high level. I think it's amazing. And I think he's the most entertaining or one of the most entertaining players to play in basketball or watch play basketball right now, just due to the fact of how competitive he is. I love him. I love how he goes out there. He talks his shit. He don't care who it is, who's watching, who's guarding him. Like you said, the league pushed Ant as that guy. Luka came in there and said, listen, Ant is a great player, but I'm the alpha. I'm the guy. I'm the dude right now. And he did it with his play. He did it with talking and backing it up and now his team's in the finals and what i would deem is one of the more exciting finals we've had in recent history i mean think about last year we had denver playing miami and everyone knew that series was going to be a quick you know quick four or five games in and out we got a dog fight here bro yeah i mean this is a lot of storylines austin a lot of storylines that you talked about like you hope boston doesn't chirp luca like they're definitely to be chirping kairi and if you look at the The most unassisted field goals of players' remainings. And some stats, I think, are maybe bullshit, and you could probably know more about that. No, you're right. It's like Luka and Kyrie, they're creating their own. Isn't that what most unassisted shit means at a more rapid clip? Is it better or worse for team play whenever you have the most unassisted points in the series? Or is it like the way Tatum and Brown have the entire team kind of helping out. Which do you think it favors? Because from what we've been told from our sources around the NBA, the reason why it's tough to prepare for this guy is because you have no fucking idea what he's going to do. You have no, like, each game it's like he's kind of figuring it out as he goes, so it's tough to prepare for. What are your thoughts, early look ahead here, for the style matchup that's going to take place between the Celtics and the Mavs? Well, it favors Boston. Boston's the better team. They have better role players. I think they're the best team in basketball. And they have a variety of guys who could step up and chip in with 10, 15, 20-point games. With that being said, I said the same thing with Minnesota. I thought Minnesota was better than Dallas. And they proved me to be wrong. Because at the end of the day day, even if they are a team led with two ISO players who have the most unassisted points, blah, blah, blah. If they're both playing at this level and Luka and Kyrie are both coexisting, going for 35, 34 apiece, I mean, bro, when you have two guys providing 60 to 70 points a game, all you need is like 10 to 20 from the rest of the team. It's very difficult to beat, and they're doing it efficiently. You said it best, Pat. The storylines in this are incredible. Porzingis is going to be back in Dallas. Kyrie's going to be back in Boston after a lot was there, stepping on the floor, sage in the court, flicking off fans. The situation didn't work out there. They pushed him out. Who's the best duo in the league? Is it Brown and Tatum, or is it Luka and Kyrie? I know Drew Holiday and Derek White are great defenders. I want to know how great they are. They're about to have their hands full. This is a great, great finals. I'm very excited. I have Boston winning, but my God, man, who knows? Dallas is... The way Luka's playing right now, that's a bad boy. Connor just said, pushed out. Let's relax now. Slow down. We're going to talk about the storylines there, but you're right. I mean, it is. And if you think about the way. He was a little upset because they went to the Eastern Conference Finals without him. I know that, but that's what made him push him out. They're like, yo, we're good without you. Okay. Nonetheless, when he goes to Brooklyn, goes lucky there was a there was a lot of things a lot that kind of took place between he and boston and it's like celtics fans are smart basketball fans been around a long time obviously a lot of banners up there that's what it's all about it's like they have to be pretty conflicted because it's like uh okay so that particular the white one we chirp, okay, if we need to make sure we are directing, this one needs to know that we're talking to this one at all times. Because if this happens to just accidentally get to there, he might go for 50. Literally inside of me. Leave him alone, boss, and they're going to know who. Yeah, yeah, of course. They know who. Yeah, yeah, of course. They know who. And the bigger thing, too, is the players. Let's not talk any trash as players. Because, of course, the T-Wolves fans definitely helped them out a lot. But Ant-Man saying, you know, we'll see you at game six back in Minnesota. I doubt Kyrie. You don't need that. Yeah, yeah. I doubt Luka like that too much but austin as far as the coaching matchups go here what is your strategy if you're joe mizzou are you just taking out kairi and saying hey okay if luca can score 60 you know 20 and 15 a game and they end up winning so be it or how do you approach that and same thing with jason kidd what do you think he's coming into this series thinking like are we going to also kind of force feed one guy are we going to try and shut down anything inside obviously the three-point shot is huge for Boston so what do you see those two coaches playing in right now as they get ready for this series on Thursday I wouldn't be surprised if Azula started the series with a lot of switching and I say that because the more you switch the less there's weak side help what's that mean what's that mean what you mean? What do you mean more switching? So pick and roll switching. So when you come off a pick and roll, when Luka uses a pick and roll, that big is going to switch onto him. It's not going to be like where the guard's trailing him. Because all Luka did this past series is pick the Timberwolves apart in the pick and roll. Luka weak side and either have the lob or the corner three or he had the matchup he liked. Boston has very capable defenders. I wouldn't be surprised if they switched a lot just so they could eliminate weak side passes and weak side defense. If you live with Luka making these shots for seven games, I'm not saying it goes seven games or they let this ride for a couple games, but I think the first quarter or two, they're going to check the temperature. You want to limit the Derek Lively's and the Gatford's and the P.J. Washington's and the Josh Green's and the Jalen Hardy's. Not all these guys can eat. We know Kyrie and Luke are going to eat. Let's try to pick apart. Let's try to take away some of these other guys. Let's limit our rotations. Let's try switching and see if we can make these guys play iso basketball the entire game and beat us off those two. I would imagine both sides are going to try to do that because the Celtics are very similar. They've got a duo, but they've got all these other guys that get offense, and you can't let everybody eat. I would imagine there's going to be a lot of switching and one-on-one play in the series early on. Okay, I like to hear that, and now I feel like I'm much smarter. So thank you, Austin. See, people would have never said that you would make anybody smarter a few weeks ago. Yeah, exactly. I think that's what – maybe friends and family. Friends and family. Are you guys fast-tracking my future to being a head coach or a president of a team? Well, are you trying to be? Are you trying to be? That is a long-term goal of mine. You see what JJ's doing? I have a similar path in mind of what I'm trying to do in terms of me using the media and loving being a part of the media and transferring into a coaching job or a front office job like my father. That's the goal of mine. So that would be, if you get that job. I'm 31, so I want to put in some time. I've got to put in some work, you know, another four or five years of really, like, building and networking and obviously getting on here. But a goal of mine is I want to be back in the show. I want to compete, man. I want to be a head coach. I want to run a team. Hell yeah. Okay. I like to hear that. But if you got a job over somebody else because your dad had a job, what would that be? That'd be nepotism. Well, that would be nepotism. I don't want that. No, you would earn it. You don't know. We'll find out. Shit. I hope you go on to do that because literally listening to you talk, I enjoy the shit out of it. I think that's why people appreciate you on the show is because whenever you My love coming on. Well, it's very interesting. I mean, aside from all your dumb shit, you know, all the, when you talk ball though, which is obviously coaching traits. So it makes sense. So I'm excited to see you pull that off and make that happen. It's not a if or when. It's a yeah, it's going to happen. Ty has last question for you here, Austin. Austin, how much will these next six days actually benefit Luca and all his nagging injuries? Obviously, it hasn't really affected him that much. He's still going out there and lighting everything up. Do really affected him that much. He's still going out there and lighting everything up. Do you think he would rather, now that the adrenaline wears off and maybe the knee and the ankle, he starts to feel that a little bit. Do you think he'd rather have this time to rest or with how well he's been playing, is he thinking, oh shit, I wish we were going on Monday and getting ready to play? How much can he actually heal in these next six days? No, they need to get some rest, man. Boston's just been shown they're waiting. We all know Boston's path this year has been very not dynamic. They've ran through anybody that they've pretty much played. Oh, shut up, Boston! Say fun. Shut up! They beat a very good Pacers team. Very, very good. They played a Pacers team without their best player on the floor for most of the series. Agreed. Agreed. You said it on me, brother. Yeah, it was a big bummer. And again, that's not Boston's fault. I'm just saying it's just what happened. They played a lot of teams without their best player. With that being said, you could argue they earned that number one seed. So there's that. Regardless of which, six days could do a lot in terms of treatment and just getting Luka's legs back up under him and Kyrie. Because for them to beat this team that they had ahead of them, they're going to have to be special. They're going to have to be dynamic like we've seen all playoffs along. And it's one thing to do it versus teams they've played. They have not played a team like Boston. They're about to play the best team in basketball. These six days will be very beneficial to Luca. We know Boston's well-rested, so this isn't going to be a rest thing because Dallas has had less time than them. So if anything, they need this time. They need this time to heal up and get ready, obviously because they're starting on the road as well. So they're going to have to leave a couple days in Dallas as is before they've got to head up to Boston. All right. We appreciate the hell out of you, coach. We can't wait to chat with you again, hopefully very soon. When are you on TV again? Anytime. Next week. But I'm available for you guys all the time, man. You send me the word, I'm pulling up. Hell yeah. Good, man. We appreciate that. And remember, I think that is why what all the people are saying. saying? Mm-hmm. Austin River. He's surprisingly cool and funny and charming. Am I turning them slowly? Yeah, I think that's the entire statement from this conversation with you is your turn. I think people are Austin Rivers fans. For sure. That's crazy. I've never thought I would say that. Did you? No, definitely not. Never? Duke guy? Yeah, so unlikable. Dad's in the NBA? It's like a back of the compliment, but it's a compliment. I'll take it in the list. Lazy? No, no, no. Ladies and gentlemen, Austin Rivers is with me. Hey, Austin. I do. A lot of the WWE boys. Yeah. A lot of the think kind of out of nowhere no way right you then they said you too right you guys like the guys the guy they didn't think we would and i'm like yeah like he's awesome he i don't think i've heard him talk much before this i think everybody just kind of assumed oh that guy's gotta be a douche or whatever he was not he's been awesome great the man hey austin thank you pal thank you austin i do appreciate the fact that he was like yeah i'm trying'm trying to become a coach and run a team, though. That is a move that a lot of people have done that have gotten into TV and broadcasting because it's a public interview, pretty much. Like, hey, here's my brain. Here's how I would do things. And then, you know, everybody's TVs are on these things, so hiring does potentially happen from the TV. You look at John Lynch. He reached out to Kyle Shanahan to say that. But also, Shanahan was able to learn a lot about John Lynch quickly because he was on TV talking about his beliefs in football and how he does it. Let's go to a man who used to run teams. Now he only does TV and radio and podcast and email newsletter and TED Talks and books. Ladies and gentlemen, Paisano Michael Lombardi. Yeah! How's everything TED Talks, and books. Ladies and gentlemen, Paisano and Michael Lombardi. How we doing today? How's everything? Lombo, we just talked. Everything's good, man. Especially good because you're here with the best desktop of all time. Great desktop behind you, bro. What a screensaver. That's not a screensaver. I think that's just a backdrop. That's my man. That's my hero right there. That's my guy. He's not doing good. He's sick, but hopefully he'll get well, go back to Europe, and then I'm going to see him in Philly on the 23rd. So that's the guy right there. Hey, we're pulling for you, boss. Good luck, boss. Yeah. Pulling for you, boss. He's not feeling good? What's going on? That's news to me. He had a perforated ulcer back in last year, which caused him to miss some concerts. And then this year over in Europe, I think he was playing in a concert in Dublin in the pouring rain. And then he got some kind of sore virus in his throat, so he had to cancel a couple shows. Supposedly, he's coming back, I think, next week. He's back in Colts Neck now, recovering. So hopefully he'll get back. That one-hit wonder that sold his catalog for $600 million, you know, that one-hit wonder, you know. Who called him a one-hit wonder again? Who was it? Some idiot on Twitter. You know, those experts, you know, somebody on Twitter. Hey, you know, look, Austin Rivers, you got to get – look, as long as he says what he thinks, he'll get himself a coaching job. Look at J.J. Riddick. He's going to end up maybe be coaching the Lakers. You know, if you're honest on television with people want and you're not placating to a certain element, you know, your knowledge comes out. I think it's awesome. He was great to listen to. How do you feel about it in, like, the football world? Because obviously we've seen it where you know Mike Mayock goes from being the draft and combine expert at NFL Network to general manager of a team which seems like the right you know now granted Gruden who is the coach of that team goes from the Monday Night Football booth back into there not that he wouldn't have got a job if he wasn't doing Monday Night Football because the success he had down in Tampa Bay but I'm just saying you, Lynch obviously goes from TV into that. Why do you think or do you think that being on TV, it's like a never-ending interview pretty much with all these teams, right? Like if a team needs a coach, well, you've heard this guy for 18 weeks at least, three hours a week talking about situational football, talking about like – there's angles. I think guys are trying to get jobs potentially as they get on TV, but I think there's also a chance that guys get on TV and people are like, hey, you'd be good for this job. You should think about it. Is that true as somebody that ran a team? And do you think that's going to continue to happen at a rapid level that it's kind of starting to? I think intelligence is always going to be the biggest sell of anything. So when you smart talk smartly on television and you educate the viewer, whether it's in basketball, hockey, or football, or any sport, college basketball, I think that the viewer craves that. We're in the world of information and they want to learn more about the game. They want to understand the game, not from a superficial level and certainly not from an X's and O's. We don't need clinics on TV, but what we need to do is understand the strategy that's involved around what's going on in the league offseason and inseason. And I think that's what helps. And, you know, like, look, Hubie Brown's 90 years old. I don't miss a Hubie Brown game that he does. I don't care if he's doing some two bad teams. Like, I learn something every time Hubie Brown talks on television. He's 90 years old and he's into it. every time Hubie Brown talks on television. He's 90 years old, and he's into it. He knows the players. He coaches both teams at the same time, which is remarkable. And that's what we want as fans. You know, I'm liking what the Sixers are doing here. I don't like what the Nets are doing. You know, he coaches it, and that's kind of what we want to learn about the game. We all are curious about how we can improve our knowledge of the sport. how we can improve our knowledge of the sport. So we sit in some bar somewhere, we actually actually sound smart. Yeah, I love sounding smart. And I love whenever people make me smarter whenever I listen to them. So I'm echoing your sentiment as well as what we all kind of want to hear. Like also, and I don't know who brought this point up in the last couple of days, but somebody did. I think it was Florio maybe. Like Belichick on our show every Monday this upcoming fall and then on the Manning cast. So like on our show, fans that always have seen him as this old, miserable bastard from all these press conferences, they're going to see like this side of him as a human. And then on the Manning cast, you're literally going to see him go, well, this is what they should. This is like now you're watching them break down football. So like every fan base is going to watch that, and if their coach starts to do anything, and there's a sense that Belichick still wants to get back into football, he's going to be on TV all year, and fans are going to be like, why didn't we hire Bill Belichick? That's another whole part of it as well. I don't want to say win over fan bases, but you kind of do. So the owner can hire you as well. So the fans want it. Obviously the information is there and they're smart at your job. It seems like a brilliant interview. Austin's doing it right. And him having to plan like, alright, I'll do TV and then I'm going to get a job. That's not a bad pipeline to that potential gig if you're doing that. And Belichick, I think, is going to benefit mightily next year from this. And we're all going to benefit when he breaks down the Monday night game on your show because it'll be a peek into the game that no one else can give you. I've witnessed it firsthand, and I have too many notes in my OneNote computer about, you know, pregame and what he's been able to deliver and how he sees the game and how it's going to go. And rarely is he ever wrong. I can't remember it. And then when he's in the game, what is going on in the game? You know, there's always something happening in the game. It's not about what plays are you running, but what are you trying to accomplish? Everybody goes play to play, but there's a broader picture of every single game. The first quarter is about figuring out, is this what we practiced? Is this what we need to do? The second and the third quarter are about the adjustments we need to make. And then the fourth quarter becomes standalone. Like, how do we win this game? And I think we see it in basketball. Look, the Mavericks won three games in the final minutes of the fourth quarter because they could figure out how to win the game in the fourth and they adjusted in the second and the third so you're going to get a great peek into his not his brain and his ability to invoke scheme into players remember football is a game of players and plays and so often we just talk players and not how to fit like what this what's the difference between Kyle Shanahan's offense and Sean McVay's everybody says well they're the same well they're really not they're not at all their formationally is Kyle you know what we've seen from Sean is more gap scheme more trying to be physical at the front more over routes they're different but they come from the same but they brought off and you're going to hear Bill talk about all those things. Yeah, that's what Tom Brady said. Tom Brady said, Peyton said that Tom Brady told him that every single week on a Monday during the announcement of Belichick coming on the Manning cast, he said that Tom would come into his office every Monday or whatever it was, and Bill Belichick would break down not only the defense that he's going to be playing against, defensive coordinator, what tree he comes from, what the rules of this particular defense are from the founder of the defensive scheme that they are going to be running. Whenever there's a big moment, here's what the defensive coordinator wants to call. If there's a panic, this is what he's going to call in this exact moment. And by the time Tom got out of that, what, three-hour, whatever it was, it was like, okay, Tom literally just went through a master's course of this potential defense, which is why I'm excited to hear Tom Brady on Fox. But listening to Bill do that, move forward, will be awesome on TV. Let's talk about what's happening right now around the NFL because these are moments, you know, OTAs, where I feel like the biggest thing that happens is team camaraderie. I think team camaraderie happens. I think you build up friendships. I think the locker room gets strengthened. I think obviously if you have new schemes coming in, people can learn that. But if it's same schemes, same everything, it is just like a, hey, how you doing? Good to see you. We're about to spend six months with each other here as soon as the season starts off. For you with these OTAs, there's people obviously that are making business decisions and opting out publicly so people know that they're not at voluntary workouts. The people that aren't there, how do we feel about it? What should we be thinking about whenever watching these OTAs and thinking about these OTAs? And is there any stories that kind of we should maybe pay attention to a little bit more? Well, I think a lot of this is based on the player, right? I mean, Trent Williams isn't in San Francisco's OTAs, but he works really hard and he shows up ready to play and he knows the system. So him not being there or Christian McCaffrey not being there is really no big deal because they're working, doing their prep work on their own. But if you take a guy like Trent Brown at Cincinnati who they signed, you know, and they want him to be the starting right tackle, and he's had some weight issues off the field, you're a little bit nervous about him not being in your program. So every situation is different. But what I think most important for front offices and the coaches is the young players need a lot of reps. See, football's a game of mathematics. There's only so many reps you have because of the two and a half hour practice time or 245. There's only so many reps you get. There's only so many turns you're going to be able to have. And who controls those reps is critical. And if you can get the young players caught up on a fast track to where they can help you in November and December, because they've gotten all these reps, I think it really benefits your team. The bonding element is great because what the veterans need to do is show the players and the young players how to be professionals, right? You know, they have to show them what it takes. How do you prepare in a classroom? How do you prepare on the field? How do you have a routine to get ready for practice? Like, that's all really important, and they need to learn that. And you can't always have the coach tell them that because it blocked out. So that veteran leadership needs to be present in there where you're trying to teach some of these young players how to behave like professionals. And as small as it sounds, too, like we're humans, too, going to a new city, you know? And obviously your rookie class you're going to be friends alongside of and everything like that. But whenever the vets are kind of like giving game on, you know in the city like clint session and i used to go out uh whenever i was a rookie and then i got introduced like joseph adai and then peyton obviously introduced me to things and took me places it was like it was an immediate welcoming to the city and then you hear stories about these places that do hazing and in the nfl and shit like that and everybody's like uh hey we're gonna need the young guys like it's better not to burn bridges with these guys if we want to if we want to get paid how we would like to get paid then you're gonna have to have rookies that do well let's make them as comfortable as possible and hopefully they'll be able to benefit i think that's a big piece of ota's last question about that for me uh to you and then the boys have some they're thinking about moving that up to the ramp up period before training okay you hate it all right yeah so why yeah okay i hate it pat here's why i hate it because a you know we're going to go to 18 games there's no question we're going to go to 18 games that's going to get passed at some point it's too much money in the pot for the players and for the owners so that's going to happen and b if you don't have an off season and you're out there practicing in the thunderdome and you rip your hamstring out okay then that becomes a non-football related injury because you did not do it on the on the in the facility you did it on your own and so you could lose a paycheck you could lose your year's salary you know we saw the running back Hines do that last year when he got hurt. I think he was in a skiing accident. He didn't get paid. It's subjective to the team, right? It's subjective to the team. If you have an injury away from the facility, even if it's a football activity, even if you're running sprints or training in some strength room, and you get hurt, that's on you. And so that huge void is out there and it puts the players at such a liability in terms of now I'm working out but if I pull my bicep or I rip my bicep here I'm screwed whereas if I rip my bicep and I'm training in at the Browns facility you got to pay me because I'm doing your job I think that needs to get clarified and then if we're going to 18 games why do we need this long preseason? And the other factor is we need the young players. I think the older guys, okay, but those young players need to be in there to practice and get going. I think that's the most important factor of all this. And somebody who's been involved with teams and has been involved with preparing teams needs to be in these meetings to tell the owners of the management council this is the players here's the deal this is the players that are pitching this entire thing it's like i haven't heard a single active player come out and be like i haven't heard one either like why would they want to do this i don't i don't and they're liable you got to understand the liability that you're under if you miss if you get hurt in the off season if you're skiing and you get hurt you're you can lose your whole salary oh yeah and you can say well that's not fair by the team well it's written in the collective bargaining agreement yeah and you just got to drag your ass to the facility okay and you're gonna hurt yourself in there somewhere where'd you break your leg at colorado but i need to break it in that building right there. So I'm walking in and I'm jumping to the top of our box that we have in a weight room and I'm falling off that thing. And, uh, all of a sudden that's, what's going to take place. That was really the thought, you know, that was like the fear, like, Hey, if you get hurt anywhere, you need to figure out how to not be hurt there and get here because you can lose everything now i've never seen anybody actually accomplish that but that's how much it is talked about to your point about like hey you can lose everything because for like the first two weeks of what used to be otas but now otas are a different time now it's off-season conditioning program phase one the first couple weeks couldn't have a ball on the field remember that was the big thing the nflpa was like yeah well we don't even want a ball on the field. Remember, that was the big thing. The NFLPA was like, well, we don't even want a ball on the field because coaches will abuse the writing and players might get too jacked up. So you can't even have a ball on the field. So I, as punter, had to go to local high school to kick. And it's like, can we not make an exception for me to be able to kick at the facility where I have nets and people that will return balls, and not a crowd of people that are going to be, you know, like, is there any, there's a lot of stupidity in all of this. And I'm not saying the NFLPA is the engineer of all of it, but they certainly haven't, you know, missed an opportunity to do some dumb shit seemingly in the past. Their job is to protect the players. This doesn't protect the players. Their job is to protect their clientele. This doesn't protect them at all. Think about the freedom in an off season, two and a half months of off time, long time. Damn. I mean, there are three and a half months of off time and not that like they should be adults. You're professionals. It's like, I'm a guy that got in trouble during season. So like you couldn't even imagine it could have happened easily in the off season as well. It's like, life and obviously be an adult be mature you're lucky to have the job but also let's look at the reality of situations here i don't know if this is just because the nfl is just going to use it as a way to get 18 games and then like if why don't we add some other shit in there if we're going to give up 18 games 18 games does mean another check though nonetheless let's talk a little bit more about ball go ahead calm man yeah lombo obviously it seems like now after the draft, the Bills made the right move drafting Keon Coleman that he will be good for them. But the situation with how they got to the second round and trading that pick to the Chiefs so that the Chiefs could get their guy, how do you feel about that? And do you think that this is something where Xavier Worthy will have an 85-yard touchdown against the Bills in the divisional round and then everyone in Buffalo will say well it's our fault for giving them that guy yeah well they you know look I worked for a man named Al Davis who you were not allowed to trade any player to the division or any any player a player to any game team on your schedule so that was eliminated but in this case to me they had an opportunity to take a deal from New England. New England was in high speed pursuit of Worthy. They wanted Worthy badly. They were making calls to get that pick. And Buffalo had them on the phone. And so was Kansas City. And I think if you're Brendan Bean, you have to sit there and say, yeah, maybe Kansas City offered me a lot more. But why would I give Worthy to them, who's a weapon, who could become the next Tyreek Hill for them? I know he's undersized at 160, plays bigger, he's a tough kid, but why am I doing anything to help the Chiefs? Especially since I lost to him with 13 seconds, I missed a 44-yard field goal to send the game in overtime. I haven't been able to get through that door to get to where I need to go to. So, like, I don't understand that. Like, I would have been more than happy to give him to the Patriots, who's working on a new regime, who's got a new quarterback. And in three years, if Worthy's a great player, that's great. Maybe they're ready to go. But I'm worried about today, and helping the Chiefs out would be the last thing I would want to do. That's a strange one. And that's going to come back and bite him in the ass if Worthy is as good as we might think he could be. And Reed does a great job of coaching these young guys. Look, that receiver room hasn't really improved from last year. If Worthy takes a step up, it has. We don't know what's going to happen to Rice. Kadarius is a wild card. And that really comes down to Hollywood, right? It comes down to Hollywood Brown. Okay, so Kadarius, Tony, what an interesting. Yeah. Just what an interesting. Truly. Period. What an interesting. Yeah. Period. Still there, though. They still got his back, even though there was a lot of weird shit that happened towards the end of the year where he seemingly came out and talked shit about the Chiefs, and then Chiefs were like, come on, dude. Everybody's seeing the same exact thing. That's actually the conversation about our team is pretty much this entire situation. They bring in Hollywood Brown, which we assume is going to be a phenomenal tag team. Travis Kelsey is their one. If this worthy guy can go and Rasheed Rice can stay out of jail, which we hope he'll be able to do, he needs to get back to Kansas City. Let's go. Let's just get our ass back to Kansas City in this entire thing. It's like they're better than they've ever been, and it feels like if you talk about the end of the AFC, the Bills are going to be there and the Chiefs are going to be there. So do you know that the Patriots are? How do we know that that happened? That's fact. They were on the phone with them. That's fact. I. That's not bad. The trade that sent the pick from, what was it, 20? 28. 26, 28? Yeah, 28. New England made a substantial offer to them, and they took the Chiefs offer. Now, I don't know if the Chiefs offer was substantially more than the Patriots. I would just see, look, if it's the chart. I mean, at some point, you have to get away from the chart and do what's in the best interest of your team right you got to get away from the chart but no this is fact I'm not making this up that the Patriots wanted worthy that's a fact okay and they tried to get them okay so let's talk about the Patriots then how do you feel this just came out yesterday I think and I um I've been openly against this a few times because I saw it in the Colts building where new regime comes in and they actually like painted over the walls that had like Unitas and Peyton and Freeney and Mathis and Brackett and Saturday and Deem and Adai. I mean, just like literally everybody that built the stadium in indianapolis and the building that they're practicing in and the colts fan base in indianapolis like just painted them over took photos down we got new photos up and it was like we wanted people to know that this is no longer this is a new colts and we got to bring the colts whatever it's like we have one losing season painted a broken necklace. You know, everything else seems to get forgotten. Seattle had happened, right? And they're coming out, and obviously the players are cool with it. So however it motivates the team, sweet. When I was in India, I hated it. Now it's come out that New England has done something similar. I don't know what the extent is, but they've taken some super bowl memorabilia down and coach mayo said he wanted to let the boys know like it's a new team this is our team now it's like i i don't think i don't know i don't know what new england did i don't think we've gotten photos from the before and after and how big it is how do you feel about that whole that's like their mission that's like the way to motivate is like this isn't about what happened here before it's about what happens right now which i get but also shouldn't you like like the standard here is this like shouldn't you i don't know it's well this isn't the first time it's happened when bill walsh walked into the 49ers facility at 711 nevada street in redwood city you know he took over for joe thomas who took all that stuff down who basically got rid of all the great 49er history and walsh put it it back up. And Walsh put it back up. And he wanted to bring in the, he needed the alumni to come in the building. He needed the players that are wearing that uniform to understand what it meant to be a 49er. That it has been successful. That there is a heritage here. There's a sense of belonging. And the only way you can create a sense of belonging is reaching out to your past. It's why we have holidays. It's why we have Memorial Day. We honor those who have given their lives up for our freedom. It's why we have Veterans Day. So we honor the veterans who have served in our country. It's a way of creating a sense of belonging. And you can't lose sight of that. You know, Walsh used to say all the time, Marines fight for Marines, because he believed that. Sorry that that was a sense of creating. And when you just do that, when you absolve it, then it's disrespectful. Look, the Minnesota Vikings have kept Bud Grant's office intact. Now, most of those players have no idea who the hell Bud Grant is, other than he wore short sleeves in a cold weather day. Even though they went to four Super Bowls, they didn't win any. But Bud Grant, they kept his office. He's part of their heritage. And I think to me, when you do that, it becomes egotistical. It becomes something bigger than the program, and I think that becomes a real issue. Because, I mean, obviously the Vikings, I don't know how many Super Bowls, so I'm not saying it's worked or whatever. Go ahead. That's what I mean. Seattle and Indy absolutely taking that stuff down. They've won one Super Bowl. With the Patriots, you know who the New England Patriots are. It was the last 20 years. They won six Super Bowls. And we don't know what they did. We don't know what all they did. Allegedly, they took down some photos like things of that nature that you know might have alluded to the past but like you know new england it's not like this history is far far away like i think everyone who sees this logo knows like oh yeah bill belichick tom brady six superbowls like is it a little different because of that and also because the player that is now the head coach was a part of the dynasty i don't i and is, they're saying it's Coach Mayo's decision to do this? I mean, everything seems to be, hey, you know, we're going to trust Coach Mayo to do whatever the hell he wants to do. Go ahead. Because if it was a Kraft move, that would be awesome. If it was Jonathan Kraft, yeah, I'd probably push that. Take it down. Take it down. If it was J.K., that would be a problem. Yeah. So it's just – it's honestly – however – who knows how it motivates a team? True. However a team comes out is however it comes out. Our team, literally, Andrew Luck's rookie year ago, the AFC Championship game, and then balls are flat and we lose. Well. You know, and that – Yeah. So it worked. So it's just like for me personally. Those balls really were flat. All right, Lombo. LeGarrette Blount had three touchdowns from 180 yards. Yeah, well, he couldn't fumble because he was just squeezing everything. Yeah, they were really flat there. That was the problem. For those that don't and are new to the show, I am not on the side. Jokes. Yeah, this is not real. This is not real. This is not real. That was the worst thing to happen to our particular team. Now, granted, I am bottom of totem pole, which I think is actually the most powerful spot of an actual totem pole, but I'm just talking for the metaphor. Sure. At the bottom of the totem pole, the least important human being on the Indianapolis Colts, more specifically any of those teams. But I think I could speak for our locker room that that Deflategate shit was the worst. And how long it went for was fucking miserable. For an hour, a year and a half later, we're being reminded, you guys lost by 70. You could have lost by 80. They did more investigation on that than the Warren Commission. I mean, Christ almighty, they had more people coming in to interview and do all this. It was unbelievable. And then Peter King admitted it was all fake. It It was unbelievable. And then Peter King admitted it was all fake. It was all fake. We can't get that out of the Warren Commission, but eventually maybe we'll get that too. But, I mean, it's ridiculous. I can remember Bill was spending all his time talking about the ball. We're getting ready to play Seattle. We're the hardest game of the year. Then Bill said, you've got to ask Tom. Ask Tom. I'm done with it i am completely unbelievable it is uh and you know like let alone if it happened or if it didn't happen it's like you asked i think what we all learned from like every quarterback was like oh yeah i like mine a little bit under with a little bit more mud on the ball yeah aaron came out and he's like i like mine over over like i like it max which would be harder i like it at max. So we learned, like, oh, there's a bunch of, this seems like this is a little bit of bullshit. And Tom hasn't forgot. No, he certainly hasn't. Which is good news. We're in the Super Bowl. Tone has a question for you, Lambeau, as we wrap this thing up. Yeah, Lambeau, and I ask this with all due respect to all the They're great quarterbacks, but Jared Goff just got paid $50 million. Trevor Lawrence is rumored to get paid $50 million. Another quarterback in that conversation is two, and I assume he's also going to get paid $50 million. How do you feel about those contracts? Are we ever going to get to a time where those guys aren't in the top five quarterbacks in the NFL? Is there ever going to be a time where the next quarterback contract isn't always going to be the biggest quarterback contract of all time? No, because I think, look, if you're Tua, Justin Herbert got paid $52.5 million, so I'm sure at least Steinberg's saying, well, my guy's been to the playoff. Herbert's lost a playoff game. My guy's been there. He's won. He's got these numbers. He should make this. Look, one of the beautiful things about a salary cap and about players at positions making money is water seeks its level. Everybody rises to the next one. And they know teams don't have the guts to be able to say, you know, look, I'm not going to do this. We're going to draft a young guy and then we're going to transition over to somebody else. You know, I don't think that they they're going to call that bluff, because it's supply and demand. There's just not a lot of them. I think the question you're asking, are they worth it? And the answer is no, but the market says they're worth it. You know, the market dictates what you have to pay. You know, do I, would I pay Tua 5353 million? No, because, you know, Tyreek Hill takes up 12% of the cap. Waddle takes up 8% of the cap now. That's 20% of the cap. If I go and pay Tua, you know, 30% of the cap, what do I have left for the rest of my team? But I'm down this road. I've already gone down the road. 80% of my offense comes to these two receivers, and they're explosive and they're great. And he can make it good. So, you know, I think you're trapped a little bit here. But you can't get caught up in the number. You've got to get caught up in this is the system that we're in. And you've got to be proactive and draft a quarterback every year and develop a quarterback every year. Because if you can get one at a cheaper number that's going to help you out it's a little bit like what what happened in minnesota they trade in cousins now they got mccarthy now the question is do they pay justin jefferson right now that all right that's the fair question if somebody off but if they could have gotten neighbors for jefferson they probably would have traded them but to trade them for draft picks that you don't know what you're getting back, how do you trade them? Right? Everybody says, well, trade a player for two number ones. Well, I don't know what I'm getting with those two ones. Whereas if I traded him for neighbors who was a legitimate, could be a cheap number one receiver for four years. Okay, now I could do that. So that's becomes another issue. Okay, so Justin Jefferson, everybody's assuming he is going to get paid because of the decision to move on from Kirk Cousins, bring in Sam, and then also draft a young player. Don't have to spend as much money at the trigger position. We can pay a wide receiver. That's seemingly how the market is shaping out. We go back to Miami. Is Tua have one year? How much is this his last year of his contract? One more year. He One more year, he's got $23 million on the cap at one year. That takes up 12% of the cap right now. When they do that deal, he'll still, he probably, right now Waddle takes up 7.8% of the cap. Tyreek takes up 12%. Now, Tyreek, you know, he's still the second highest paid receiver in the league. A.J. Brown slightly went above him. So, but, I mean, they've got to keep Hill really healthy. He's the he's the engine that drives the machine but you know now you're the reason you don't sign christian wilkins is because you're giving the money to these other guys you're gonna have to figure it out it's chris greer's got a draft really well wilkins to the raiders nobody even talks about that's a whole different him and crosby next to each other but He plays every snap of every game. Wilkins plays every snap. There you go. Gump, there you go. He plays every snap. He can pressure the pocket. He can push inside. He's going to make Crosby more effective if that's even possible. And they just let him walk like it was no big deal because it's a seven-on-seven game for them. Now, they haven't beaten a good team. We know this, right? They have not beaten a good team. Gump can verify that. You know, they go into Philly last year, and Philly played defense against them. And we know Philly wasn't good on defense. So it'll be interesting how this all works out. So Tua will be a free agent after this year. Dak will be a free agent after this year. They know they both get paid somewhere. Kirk Cousins just got 130 million guaranteed or whatever that market continues to go if you're a team though that has a guy boy feels like you need to keep the guy because you have no idea what door two potentially has on the other side last question here from ty schmidt lambeau yeah lambeau has just announced that the bears are going to be on hard knocks this year and obviously uh like you know you don't really have a choice it's kind of the nfl tells you you're going to be on hard knocks, you're going to be on hard knocks. But as a GM, especially going into their situation where you draft the quarterback number one, they ended last season very well, and they have a lot of momentum going into next year with a lot of people saying, hey, this might be a playoff team. Is there anything to gain if you're the GM of the Bears from having hard knocks in your building, or is this kind of all setting up to just be a massive, massive disappointment? That's a Packers owner asking the question. Yeah, well, I think you have to be really careful. I mean, one thing it can do, it can really bring your – it can enlighten your fan base to know that you're on top of things and you're really good at what you do. But it can also enlighten your fan base to say you're not really you're indecisive and you don't know what to do remember the cleveland brown one remember that one i mean that one that one was disruptive to the whole entire organization so a lot of this is you're going to have to do a really good job of prepping preparing and letting people know this narrative that you want to get out of your building that's really important important. And I think Ryan Poles has got to do that. And Matt Iberflues has got to do that too, because when he stands in front of the team, he's not standing in front of the team. He's standing in front of America now. He's standing in front of America and he's got to sell America on that. Right. He's got to sell that. And so does Poles. So that adds another dimension to it all it's a distraction no doubt but you're going to have to work around it the one that's going to be fascinating is the hard knocks off season with the giants i can't wait for that you know when they said they were trying to trade up to get all but they stopped once may went off the board so we're gonna be able to solve that puzzle okay sounds like you have some questions about some insider information from draft night excited to find out dayball is back calling plays allegedly. Now will he be doing that during the regular season? Who knows, but we'll find out during the offseason, Hard Knocks. And then the training camp Hard Knocks of the Chicago Bears, Caleb Williams. And if we know anything about Ibraflues, he's going to look really cool. Players love him here in Indianapolis. I think in Chicago, similar thing. What's Caleb Williams going to be like? How about Roma Dunzay? They said he was the second highest rated player on their board, which I had heard he was a higher rated receiver than Harrison on their board, which I had heard earlier in the offseason. Yeah, there were some people that said that. That was the case. Instead, Arizona ends up with Marvin Harrison Jr., Roma Dunzay, Caleb Williams, the young rookie class in Chicago are going to be on display on Hard Knocks. We appreciate the hell out of you. We wish you were on. Thanks, guys. Michael Lombardi. Lombard's got a show in like four minutes, so I appreciate the hell out of him. Damn. What a good man. The best. Lombo just has something for everything, doesn't he? I mean, not worthy in New England. I didn't know that was real. Yeah, did we? As he was saying it, I'm like, okay, that's a false journal. It hasn't been reported, but it's 1,000% true. He does that on our show, though. That is like the Lombardi move. It might have been reported on something he did, whether it was a podcast or another show or something else. Yeah, I said this Monday, last Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. I said this. Yeah, everybody knows. And we had never heard it. And then all of a sudden, it goes. heard it, and then all of a sudden it goes. Rams looking to trade Stafford last offseason. Yeah. He said they're not going to say it, obviously, but it's definitely happening. Look at the contract. All you got to do is follow the money. They would be in content of running a business if they weren't thinking about it, is what he says. Love, Lombo. Next hour should be a great one. We got the Hundo boys, AJ Hawk, and Paul Bizonet. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice that might change their life. Cheers. In an abandoned warehouse, Arthur Isaac Fischel, the world's AI authority, has summoned the Earth's most influential doofuses for an emergency meeting about the terrifying powers of artificial intelligence. Antonio Margherita, influencer from Italy. Vladimir Brovoshnikovsky. Chad Speed. Jim. We catch up with them mid-dinner as Artie Fish tries his damnedest to get the influencer's attention. Yes, that'll work. Thank you. Scram. Let's get down to brass tacks, boys. The real reason we're here. AI is a problem. It's going to kill us all. It's hard to take you seriously with the way you're facing the trail. I mean, you look like a fucking asshole. What are you really talking about? Oh, the only thing artificial is those fucking balls you call balls. You look absolutely absurd. You guys don't understand. You're not listening to me, okay? I'm wearing this because AI can hear your thoughts. It can get into your brain, guys. You ain't got no fucking brain. Once again, struggling to take anything you say serious. My team told me I should come to this. You look like a joke. Like an absolute jerk-off. Does this look like a joke? Huh? That's a nuclear bomb! Nah, that's fake. Fucking Batman puts marbles in plastic bags. You need a cool mom, I think. You guys aren't listening. This right here, AI gave to me. A nuclear freaking bomb. It told me the only way to save this screwed up world is to blow it up. Is this guy awake? Idiot. Wake up, asshole. He wouldn't hit somebody with a nuclear. No, yeah, fuck. No, don't you worry. This one is foolproof. I doubt it. I brought it here, boys. Not just for show. What? Because I'm going to blow up the world right now! Holy shit! That's Jakar! Turns out, that was an actual nuclear bomb. Arthur Isaac Fischel was going to blow the entire world up Turns out, that was an actual nuclear bomb. Arthur Isaac Fischel was going to blow the entire world up, and Jack Carr saved us all. It was his actual first shot. And Artie Fisch is actually dead. Forever. Thank the Lord that Jack Carr sensed trouble. Hell yeah, Jack Carr. Hell yeah, Jack Carr. Hell yeah. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks, and the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the green bay packers you big your friend tell your friend something nice to change their life hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this feel good Friday, May 31st, 2024, our tour of this program starts now. Sports are amazing. We're lucky to talk about them every single day. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this for a living. It is truly absurd. The Talks at the Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Ty, see the hat. Yeah, you know, I had to do it. You get the Hondo boys on the show. You know, you got to show them a little love. Yeah, and I was going to wait until he came on, but I should just go ahead and pop this bad boy up. Might as well. Get the Skanes tarp up there. Yeah, and this is from the which is AAA for the Pittsburgh Pirates, which is where Paul Skeens pitched for five games, six games, seven games? Yeah, around there. I forget how many games. And he struck out everybody. Pretty much. And now he goes up to the majors, and he's like the greatest pitcher to ever start in the MLB in history, something like that. I forget the exact wording of it, but he's breaking all these records. And he throws the ball over 100 miles an hour on a regular basis. And there's another guy on the same exact roster that's thrown over 100 miles an hour on a very regular basis in Jared Jones. We've got two aces joining us in about eight minutes. Ty, a lot of baseball on this program. Yeah, well, I mean, like you mentioned at the top of the show, I mean, in about four days' time here, five days' time. That's all there is. Some days. Some days. Some days. Because there'll be finals. Well, then we do get the finals. But then, again, that's basically, what, a week, ten days of that. And then once that's done, guess what? No, no, don't you. If you don't like baseball, you better start liking baseball. Don't you put that on me. There is. Obviously, we got the W as well. Got the dub. Kaitlin Clark's starting to figure it out. These refs, the way they're reffing Kaitlin Clark, I don't like it one bit. Seemingly, they got like an axe to grind saying, welcome to our league. You think you're going to be able to do all that bitching and whining and moaning that you did in college? Not here. You better not even look at us sideways. We'll tee you up. And how about her and Veronica Vivians last night? She hit one in her eye and then told her, what? What? What? Kaitlyn's starting to, hey. She's competing. She's done. Just like we thought it would. Exactly. Over the last couple days. Feels like the team's starting to run with her, too. Connor, you were there last night. Obviously another L for the Indiana Fever. Need to start sacking some more dubs. Only one win in about ten attempts. Got Chicago Sky on Saturday at noon. Angel Reese, Kaitlin Clark. Obviously, two new teams, but still great rivalry. Callman, you were there on the floor on the wood last night. Is this Fever team going to be good by the end of the year? What do you think? By the end of the year, yes, for sure. They're starting to figure it out. I have some rotation ideas. For Coach Sides? For Coach Sides. Who you are a fan of. Who I am a fan of. She got teed up last night because she's pissed about what's going on with Kaitlin Clark with these refs. She's done with it because it is real. Like, there is something going on, and there's something to be said with how the games are being called, especially around Kaitlin. But, They're going to figure it out. Nelissa Smith got the start last night, and she is fantastic. She can run and gun. She can score. I think she had the first seven points for the fever last night. Need to get her some more minutes. Samuelson, she hit like three straight threes, and it was one of those situations like, okay, well, why aren't we getting 33 more shots if this is what's going on every single time she touches the ball? But they're going to figure it out. They'll be okay. They were saying Kelsey Mitchell, number zero, didn't have a training camp because of an injury, so basically was working herself into shape. Last night she threw up a couple massive threes, former number two overall pick. Look out for the fever as they cook, but I'll tell you what, Brianna Stewart, she started her own damn league. They're going to pay more money than any of us. Yeah, a couple years away from that. A couple years away from the Liberty stat. Well, and the Aces, hey, they got some dogs on that team. They got dogs on that team. Yes, they do. Huh? They got dogs on that team. Yes, they do. Junkyard. Every single day we learn. I mean, just beasts over there. Obviously, back-to-back champions. I mean, that's how it's going to go. I mean, some of them are inspiring music. But the fever videos, the fever is. I don't know. What music video are you talking about? One half of the Hammer Cowboys 10 Diggs is here. What music video are you guys talking about? Houdini. I couldn't not say it. Houdini. I guess he's back. Back again. It feels like you guys aren't talking about that music video. football and that's one half of the hammer cowboys big dallas stars fan bubblegum peanut back there is he playing football i don't know after watching that video i don't think so i hope he's still breathing we would like to let you know all love dude come on come on best days on the beach best days ahead that video was tough i was crazy i was bummed out watching three times not sun tanned no it's face well i guess people do try to tan their cheeks. Yeah, there was no sun. There was no sun. I thought it was dead. It was dark, yeah. Hey, D. Come on, man. Love you, D-Wall. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Oh, that music video. Yeah, yep Keep it moving, bro. Come on. But I can see why he's potentially not known if he's playing football or not, if that's where he's coming from. Bingo. That's tough. That's very public, too, which is what happens. It can't be any fun. But with that being said, Las Vegas Aces seem to be locked in and motivated by the entire situation. Asia's balling. Yep, absolutely. And Kate. Kate Money Martin. Yeah, is balling. And then, obviously, Miss Plum, the founder of Kingmaker Cigars. She's balling. I mean, they're doing everything. But the fever are coming. Yes, they are. The time is now if you're not the fever because. Eminem's Houdini video, though, another music video that you were not talking about, out. Yep, he's back. Yep, he's literally hopped out of a portal and came back and Yeah, yeah, he sampled his own music and then And made a song Marshall's back save his am and it is it is great news I think he's got another album coming It's gonna be his last one because he said it's his last trick or the final trick Mm-hmm join us now as a man who we think he's gonna be a rapper rapper someday. We can't wait for that. College football national champion, Super Bowl champion, Ryder Cup winner, president of Ohio, A.J. Hawks. How are you doing, A.J.? I never say never, but probably never on the old rap career, I would imagine. I think the show is going to be putting out a song actually this fall, so you're going to have words on it, so you will have a credited rap song nice okay i'm in let me know just tell me where to go to record and we will record it'll be an uplifting song it'll be an upbeat song and music video and we'll make sure that's on the beach i was so bummed out watching that for him i know i couldn't stop watching it brother it's cinematic i know he's an artist and everything but it's like even if that is your art in that moment like you're in a that's not a pretty vulnerable spot feel good friday dude you know i know feel good friday it's good singing though it was good singing i didn't even hear like timberlake i know like timberlake and britney didn't they have a video like that back in the day oh yeah i remember that there was a fake there was a fake britney in it i guess so and i heard that was a big oh Oh, yeah. It caused some issues, right? Now that we know. Yeah, there's a book saying, you even gave him... Bingo. You talking about Emon? And then, what's that? No, no, no. Who? It was Emon. That's kind of what it reminds me of. That was Emon. No, that was... Here you are. I don't but why is it what is he what does that mean that's the guy's name is the artist's name banger he's thinking the part you just sang the jt part he was thinking that's aim i know jt was doing that way before yeah what do we even time so flustered i'm confused. The whole video reminded me of Iman. Iman is in his bag. What the fuck is Iman? What is this? You know what it is. You know what it is. My brain right now. If you had a gun to my head, that bullet's going through my brain. Yeah, but you're young. This was in our heyday. Zito just tried to sing a song He did And we know that he That was one of the correct lyrics But Play it in your phone They were close Joining us now Ladies and gentlemen As we move Eminem Houdini Slims back Yeah Yes it is Yes it is Darren Waller New music video Heart is broken Yeah Bummed out Bummed out. Bummed out. It's tough. And we would like to let them know, Darren, come on, man. Things are going to be okay. Next chapter is going to be a great chapter. The one after that, you're going to look back. It's all going to make sense. Time goes on. That's right. And if it's just your art or whatever, we hope you maybe get back on the football field. It is part of their offseason. Bruce, Bruce, big New York Giants fan. You think this is going to be a part of the Hard Knocks? I know you're pumped to see what the Giants should be. I mean, imagine if they had the documentary crew there as he was filming that heartbreaking scene on the beach of him getting stabbed in the back. Is he playing this year or not? I don't know. All I know is that he's got the song of the summer. That song's a hit. Houdini? Thank you, Bruce. Thank you, Bruce. Alright, joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is the boys of the summer. Yeah. Hell yeah. The hundo boys of the summer. In a city in which I grew up, a lot of people couldn't care less about baseball. Now, there are certainly baseball fans, because the history of Pittsburgh is obviously a deep one with the Pirates, but a lot of people had kind of lost the faith in the organization that it would ever be worth a fuck again. So why are we going to watch this sport that is boring, that we suck at, other than a nice night to PNC Park and hopefully some Zambelli fireworks afterwards? Then, something changed. Some stars came to town. And not only are balls flying out of the park and the boats are towing up behind on the river that has dead bodies floating in it, there are pitchers now that are electrifying. So much so that the pitching ninja calls them the Allegheny, which is the county in which Pittsburgh is in, Electric Company. Ladies and gentlemen, the Hundo boys from the Pittsburgh Piry, which is the county in which Pittsburgh is in, electric company. Ladies and gentlemen, the Hundo boys from the Pittsburgh Pirates, both rookies, Jared Jones, Paul Skeen. Oh, slide in, Chris Collinsworth, respect, respect. That was a good slide in, Jared. That was a good slide in. We're playing that. Yeah, that was all him. Okay, so you're both incredibly rich. We know that. Are you guys roommates? This is how this goes. And how is the friendship between you two? Paul, we'll start with you, pal. Yeah, we are roommates. The nice thing about the show is we've got our own rooms on the road, so we're not bunking up right now in Toronto. But, yeah, we're having a good time. And, Jared, how is it? I in Toronto, but yeah, yeah, we're, we're having a good time. And Jared, how is it? I think we talked to Paul about this before when he was on the show. You know, you two kind of going through something similar, but you different paths. How is it to have a guy like Paul in the bullpen alongside of you? Has it made you better? Do you feel like you're competing against each other, learning from each other? What's it like Jared? Yeah, I'd definitely say we're learning from each other. Just going out there, I'm sure he takes notes on what I do when I throw, and I do the exact same thing when he throws, and obviously he's a lot of fun to watch when he does throw. I told him this offseason, I'm training the whole offseason with you to learn that splinker that you're throwing. Hey, Jared, he said it's not even a splinker. I just call it a sinker, is what I call it, but everybody else calls it a splinker. What is different about it? And is there things like finger position on ball that you guys kind of give to each other, Jared? Yeah, it's 95, and it has the most movement I've ever seen on a sinker. So it's pretty gross. But he was telling me how he throws it and stuff like that. So a lot of stuff to work on there this offseason. Paul, whenever we last talked to you, you know, you were just kind of getting started in this entire thing. Now you've somehow become a guy that when you strike people out, you're dancing on one foot. Hell yeah. Isn't he? Oh, yeah. You see that? You see that shit where he's just in the middle of a major league ballpark. And like his fourth start, just like, ooh, that's a good, yeah, all right. Cool. Yep. Can't hit that fucking ball game. Ooh, ooh, yeah. It's like a celebrity softball game out there. Has there been any anxiety, motion, nerves, change as you go? Or are you just settling in and getting more comfortable every single time you hit it on the mound? Just settling in. getting more comfortable every single time you hit on the mound just settling in you know the game doesn't change people change so um yeah the only thing different right now i think is the stadiums are a little bit bigger but it's the same game uh are the balls moving faster because you're in the majors and how much how do you guys hide the spider tech no spider tech yeah you guys are young jared did is that generation before you and you guys like is that something that's real because that spider tech thing i learned about whenever people are getting patted down well yeah that was just in the last couple years just kind of came out of nowhere and then i think cc sabathia came on and was like yeah i guess it was happening i didn't know so it was from more cc's era to like a couple years ago was the Spider. You guys are always trying to do shit, but it's like more severe punishment now than ever if you were to add a little bit of grip to the fingers. So do you just not do any of it? Is that real? Or how does that whole thing work in your generation, Jared? Yeah, I've never really used it. I kind of got a first glimpse of it right when i got into pro ball i was playing catch with someone like my first time out uh when we got sent out in 2020 and i felt the ball i was like dude what is on this baseball and he was telling me oh it's spider attack that was before it was banned and stuff like that but i've really never been on it i've always just used uh rosin that we're given on the mound. And sometimes my hand turns a little black, and I've had a couple umpires tell me to watch myself. I go, dude, it's just rosin. He goes, oh, I don't care. Wash your hands. I'm like, alright, whatever. It's a bad look, okay? Everybody in here can see that you've got something on your damn hands. Go ahead, AJ. Hey, go ahead, AJ. Go ahead, AJ. This is for both of you, but Paul, you can go first. Do you guys, have you thought about the possibility one day in your major league career that someone may charge the mound on you? And I just want to know if you guys have a plan, maybe, if someone does come charging at you and your catcher doesn't get them before they get to you. Yeah, I took a boxing class at Air Force. I wasn't very good but I have a little bit of practice so you know just got to fight them Jared Jared do you Jared you taking the MMA class jujitsu? No I haven't but I have gotten charged before and it wasn't a very pretty sight Paul have you ever gotten charged? I haven't Jared he's a big son of a bitch you got to meet him and tackle him. You've got to meet him halfway and tackle him, I think, and take it to them. Yeah, Jared, you did the Collinsworth slide, and obviously you're a football guy. I think you're charging them. They think they're charging you. Uh-uh. You're charging them, Jared. I think that's the play. I've got to and just get a running head start, jump up, and go spikes first. Yeah. Yes. No rules in the fight. A missile dropkick off the mound. Yeah, you're getting ejected, obviously. But, boy, that would be the Hundo Boys merch. Through the roof. There we go. Now, Jared, can you feel it in Pittsburgh that baseball is like in – I don want to just say like hey it's because of you too but like uh hey it's uh because of you too can you feel it in Pittsburgh Jared whenever you go to the ballpark and uh how is it because it hasn't always been like this you guys need to know that I know you're both new to the city of playing there it has not always been like that does it feel very real right now yeah I mean this past couple of homestands like our our crowds are selling out like we're getting people at the ballpark and it's it's a lot of fun to play uh play in front of paul whenever you play when you play q country roads in pittsburgh did you just feel like you were the coolest dude on earth because that i saw a video and i thought to myself a i should have known that song a lot sooner sorry mr godwin and b in pittsburgh what a legendary move you know that ball yeah one of the uh one of the bad boys came up to me after my debut and he was like i love love the the warm-up song and i was i was like yeah i couldn't really hear it to be honest the the uh the crowd was so loud that day but my last start at home i heard it pretty well and um it gives me chills a little bit let's go i that. Ty has a question for you. Obviously, both of you guys being drafted where you're at, you know, I mean, Paul, we know you played catcher before. Jared, obviously you're a stud in high school. Who's the better hitter between you two? Because I still think it's bullshit that there's a DH in the National League, but like, do you guys even get to take BP, or do the Pirates just put you in bubble wrap everywhere you go because they know, hey, if either one of these guys gets hurt, we're probably fucked? Yeah, no BP for us. I think we both hit a little bit in the offseason, but not during the season. It's been a while since I picked up a bat. Who's a better hitter? I'm going to go with him. His hitting career went a little bit farther than mine. Mine stopped in high school. Why is that in baseball? Just because you only have so many reps on your arms, Jared, why? Because I assume they noticed you were going to be a great pitcher. Like, all right, why are we even messing around with the bat? Let's go ahead and do that. Let's go is that you think and when did that start taking place i assume you're not a history expert but why did you enjoy it whenever it happened did you just expect it whenever it happened to you i mean yeah i loved hitting i used to hit tanks in high school but uh yeah i don't i don't really know the research behind that but yeah um as soon as i signed uh with pittsburgh they they shut that down pretty quick. When did you start throwing 100? This year. I haven't hit 100 before this year. That's awesome. Boom. So we're only getting faster right now, right? I mean, that's where we're only getting faster. Yeah. Honda boy's about to be like, 105, boy. We're about to start doing some math. We're about to start looking like one of those little ticker things that's going through. I mean, just straight gas, dude. Just straight, absolute gas. Catchers, you guys have conversations with your catchers. I think we've asked you before this, Paul, because obviously you used to be a catcher. But are they the ones telling you, like, hey, it feels like it's coming in a little bit harder right now to you? Or like, hey hey you're having a good day or bad day what are the conversations with the catchers jared um i mean the most of the conversations i have with the catcher is set up right down the middle i'm gonna let all my stuff play right off of that um i i know i have an idea where the ball is going i'm not like a pinpoint guy where it's like oh i'm gonna dot this fastball inside on you um if it gets there, it gets there. But, yeah, I just kind of tell my guys, set up right down the middle, let everything else play off of that. All right, it's going to be like left half. You know, like left lower quadrant. Over there. I think, you know, I mean, is it going to be perfect? We'll see. You know, that little square. And now that Angel Hernandez is an and maybe those will be called strikes if I am. You guys can't do that. You guys can't do it. Disrespect the umpires. Obviously, don't even think about it, boys. Okay, everything's – Paul, your mustache is fucking moving. Let's have a little bit more respect for the umpires, pal. Let's go ahead and do that. Tone has a question for you, boys. I feel like I might know the answer based off of Jared two has the better out pitch and i know you guys might say the splinker but jared i mean there was a time earlier this season where you made a guy from the brewers just he had no idea what he didn't know where he was at so who has a better out pitch i mean i wouldn't say it's better but i think we we both have different qualities like i think my slider is really good and i think his little splitter-splinker thing is really, really good. So, I mean, with those two pitches combined, I think they're just right up there with each other. And, Jared, how come Kutch only hits home runs in Paul's starts and none of yours starts? Oh. I mean, he's a lot more exciting to watch. Maybe everyone's just juiced up for whatever Paul pitches. Jared, you got to start working the locker room, bud. You got to start getting some, you know, beers. Yeah, I got to start kicking some doors in. No, no, that's the wrong way. That's the wrong way. You get more with honey than with vinegar. That's what they say. Go ahead, Con Man. Yeah, Skeens, obviously the reaction from the crowd when, you know, your pitch and you mentioned you could barely hear the intro song. But did you expect all the stashes in the crowd? That was kind of a cool little thing. It was kind of a mania of all these kids wearing stashes. And then, Jared, are you thinking about maybe messing around with a mullet? Because then maybe people might start wearing mullets. With the stash. With the stash. They just put your head on. I mean, look, just something to think about, boys. It's a good look. Oh, we got one! Wow! Wow! Unbelievable! That's good. Yeah, he's got the pull. Skeen, do you see the mustaches around Tom? I didn't during the game. I heard about him after the game, saw him a little bit after the game, but I didn't see him at all during the game. Kids are growing. Lost in. Paul, you were playing in a stadium here that was right next to a zoo that you could see from the pitcher's mound. Do you remember that? You could just see him? Yeah. And then in literally right above where you would be sitting in between innings, six kids. Yeah. You must have thought to yourself, oh, these kids in Pittsburgh grow mustaches early. Just for men already. Is that what you were thinking? Paul, that's for you. That's for you out there. And when you're about town, are you leaving your house at all or apartment, or are you just napping in baseball still, Paul? Pretty much just napping in baseball, going to the field early and staying there late. It's a good life. Jared, are you the same way? No, I think I got a little bit more hobbies. We got a little pond right behind our house. I mean, he comes out with us. He's definitely caught more fish than me since he started coming out, but we do go fishing right at that pond. Oh, you guys go – we got big old lippers? What are we – let's set the – What are we catching? Yeah, what are we fishing for? What's the music? Are we on a boat? Are we on the side of a pond? Where are we? It's a little pond. There's no boat, but there's smallmouth bass and there's bluegill out there. Paul, you're just reeling them in, huh? You make that thing dance out there? Occasionally. I caught a frog one time. You should throw baseballs at the fish. No. Please. Come on. We're catching them and throwing them back. Catch and release. We're not trying to murder these fish. You can cook it and then bless it and then eat it, obviously. You're not just killing them and throwing them back. Hey, Paul Skeens, down in Louisiana, you ever fished a fish down there? You ever do one of those fisting of fishes? You know, noodling? No. No, I didn't. I've heard you can get your hand pretty screwed up that way. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I don't think any of my friends did that either as far as I know. Yeah, I guess a pitcher should not be the one fisting fish. Yeah, sounds like probably the right decision. How many strikeouts this year? Do we know already? Is it 23, I think? No, it's got to be more than that. Yeah, it's more than that. I forget. We're donating. 30. 30. I don't know. Alright, 30 strikeouts. Donating 100 per. You're donating 100 per. And if you break the all-time record, let's remember, 1 million bucks, okay? You were almost on your way. The first game after we talked about that, you were just sawing everybody down was there ever a thought like i might strike out every fucking human that steps in a batter's box today is that how you felt no i knew it was you know they were bound to bound to hit hit some at some point that's how the game goes they didn't though yeah but they did and then you left then you left the game and i was like thank thank god we don't have to donate a million this early in this entire thing, but we'd love to. It'll obviously be for a good thing. But, like, you could have. You were set up to do that. Well, and if I'm remembering correctly, you threw seven innings and no hit ball, right? But you were at, like, 100 pitches. Like, was there any conversation like, hey, listen, I get it. I'm young. Like, let me go throw a no No. I mean, that's just where we're at right now, too, especially with the innings restrictions that we've been, you know, having. And I mean, 100 pitches is 100 pitches like that's where the game's at right now. I wasn't really expecting to go any any longer than that. You trust the plan. That's what you're saying, too. There was no. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Are you a part of that plan? yeah, absolutely. Are you a part of that plant, like conversation or somebody like, uh, like who, you know, like you're told this stuff or they ask you how you're feeling or is it like, has there been a blueprint of others in the past? Like, Hey, here's the number probably if we want this to last as long as we want this to last. Yeah. I mean, I'm not in the room where they're deciding, you know, the, uh, you know, the absolute number that we're not going above, I guess. But it's a conversation for sure. But, you know, there's definitely a plan. I think it's all based on what's happened in the past and some data that they have. So they're a lot smarter than I am on that stuff. We would love for you to, you know, play for the next 30 years in Pittsburgh. And on the other side, Jared, obviously you were starting the season off. 70 strikeouts from Jared Jones. Damn. 30 from Paul Skeens. The Hondo boys. Ladies and gentlemen, we can't thank you enough. The future of Pittsburgh Pirates baseball. Bringing baseball back to Pittsburgh in a massive way. Have a great rest of the season, boys. You said you're in Toronto right now. Yuck. Blue J Pittsburgh in a massive way. Have a great rest of the season, boys. You said you're in Toronto right now. Wow. Yuck. Blue Jays stink this year. Canada does too. Go have some of the bad blues, boys. Crush a couple of bad blues, boys. Alright, thank you guys. We appreciate that. Paul Skeeds, Jared Jones. Yeah, boy! I mean, what are they supposed to say when Connor says Canada sucks? What can they supposed to say when Connor says Canada sucks? What can they do? The Blue Jays suck and Canada does too. Just like in the head. Just so quick. So matter of fact, you boys are a real talent. Don't let anybody ever say anything different. Every night. Having the Bat Blue boys dump you. Love the Bat Blue. On top of that. So they seem to get along really well. So young. Yeah. 22. 22. on top of that. They seem to get along really well. So young. Jared had 10, I think, in his debut. He's been unbelievable. They draft pretty well, huh? They don't have to draft well, don't they? That's the thing about the Pirates. We've got a lot of World Series champions on other teams. Keep them in town. The reason why you can draft well is probably because draft position is also pretty good for the Pirates on a regular basis. Get the first pick. There's a chance of that. Part of it. That happened to the Orioles, though, right? Like, the Orioles had the top pick, and then now they're good. Yeah, for sure. And that's been the Pirates' thing is, like you said, they haven't been Skeens and Jared Jones, obviously, if they make the playoffs this year or are at least competitive, that's when you start thinking, okay, this is like a Randy Johnson, Curt Schilling kind of one-two punch that we could have for the next 15 years if they stay healthy. I like the moxie of old Jared Jones there. He understands. This guy's the star. I get it completely. I'm cool. When did you start throwing 100 this year? Got him all in already. I really enjoy the dynamic between those two. Seems like in public, probably in a restaurant, we got a nice yin and yang here. In Paul Skeens, they say quiet mouth, loud mind. There's a lot. There's a lot cooking up there. You can tell whenever he starts going. There was a bit of a Pat and Chris Cavanaugh situation going on there. Speaking of, congratulations to Pat Cavanaugh. He won a Touaregon. Touaregon, which might be the coolest trophy in sport. No offense, I'm saying coolest. Individual award trophy. It was sweet. And this is his third time being nominated for it. It is the Heisman of lacrosse, I do believe. The trophy, though, now, obviously, front of the program, Pat Cavanaugh, the Cavanaugh boys, obviously good lads. Yeah, great lads. Good lacrosse lads, you know, that entire thing. And the Cavanaugh camps are going to be killer in the future whenever they decide and figure out how to do it. Sure. Because that seems like a business plan that's just sitting right there. Oh, everybody in your family is good? Okay. Do you just want to go town to town to town and just have camps? Hundreds of kids. A lot of wealthy kids playing lacrosse. You could just sell it out, especially going back-to-back as national champs. What if Chris goes three straight? Yeah, exactly. Oh, my God. Anyways, Pat Kavanaugh, good lad. Good lad. Happy he won the Touareg Tournament. And this is something I assume that all the greats have to have in their resume, con man, as somebody that knows the world better than me. That is kind of the thing. This almost does solidify him as one of, if not the greatest, lacrosse player in college damn near, especially in the last 15 years just because of the fact that he took a school that has never won a natty and won back-to-back. And then last year I believe he was the runner-up to Brennan O'Neal or he came in third. And winning this does kind of put a nice little bow on his entire career. Now we'll see if he can go win a PLL Cup with the Boston Cannons. Do I know if it's called the PLL Cup or not? No. I do know that if he does that two on top with his older brother now after winning with his younger brother, that would be probably... I think they call it the PLL Ship. The PLL Ship. You win an actual ship with lacrosse people on the top. The mast is like a lacrosse stick and the sails are a lacrosse head we should know more about the stuff we talk about that is a very very valid complaint well we know we know we know it's just like the the some of the things we don't know are small in the entire yeah what they're playing for all right that's we should know that they're playing for championships we just don't know what the championship trophy is called that's right and we're playing for all of them. We should know that. They're playing for championships. We just don't know what the championship trophy is called. That's right. And we're playing for banners up there for the Boston Cavanaugh Cannons. Always are. Where are they? They play at Gillette? Actually, I'm not sure because this is the first time they're going to be back as like Boston as a home base. I know they played at BU for a little, but but they usually do the state championships at Harvard. Hey, congratulations, though, to Pat Cavanaugh. Yeah, absolutely. Way to go, Pat. Now, if Chris Cavanaugh is going to have to get one of those, he's going to be all by himself next year at Notre Dame, leading the boys, hopefully, to a third straight national championship. I mean, if you're Chris Cavanaugh, you're making the argument that you deserve the tour, Tom, because you had 81 points over your brother. And I believe if I know anything about the Cavanaughs, they're cool with it. It's the Cash App Championship. The PLL Cash App Championship. That's not what the trophy's called. That is. The Premier Lacrosse League. They tweeted it out. The Cash App Championship. Yeah, the Cash App Championship must be the name of the natty similar to a Fiesta Tostitos bowl. That's for the whole league. It's called the Cashop Champion. PLL Cashop Championship trophy. Maybe Pat Coffinall could be a Cashop Champion. Just make up a name and put it on the trophy. Actually says it on the trophy. The Cashop Champion. That's like that one bit. That grinds my gears, man. Make it like the Mikey Powell trophy or something like that. Give me a break. No, so obviously this is good business because we're saying it right now. This is exactly how Rabel and the boys and the entire PLL team sold this to Cash App. Be the name of our champion. Yeah, everybody's a Cash App champion. Shouldn't it be the Rabel trophy? So, I mean, Rabel, potentially founder of League, should get a little bit of a nod somewhere. But I don't know if you should sell the championship trophy as an advertisement. I respect it. I do. And they got to do what they got to do. And they got a lot of big brains and everything like that. Selling the title is certainly a... I mean... That's like when the NCAA sold the D1 football championships to the BCS. Yep. They just sold them to the BCS. Like, we don't want... The NCAA champion was the D2 champion. That's like who they were actually crowning. So they just sold the rights away to... I don't know if Pat Kavanaugh, after winning the Tuaraton, is as jacked up to be chasing a cash-out championship. Spartan is as jacked up to be chasing a cash-out championship. Yeah, but that's just for now. Wait until, you know, Goodell gets a sniff of this, and all of a sudden you're fighting for the Apple TV Lombardi. Okay. All right. Maybe. You never know. How much is Pitt paying to have that head coach's name? $20 million. The class of 94, Chris Bigwood. 97. They are not the only school. Everybody has kind of done this. Just like the Michigan State team is actually not even Michigan State Spartans. They're the Michigan State Spartans sponsored by United Hold Mortgage. Rocket Mortgage. Rocket Mortgage. Presented by Rocket Mortgage. That's their actual name. So coming to the court, the Michigan State Spartans presented by Rocket Mortgage. That head coach. January. February. Isia. Isia. That would be Dan Gilbert. That's the only mortgage I have. Stanford has their, I just saw their OC in DC sponsored as well. Dude. Like the so-and-so family Stanford offensive coordinator. That's awesome. I love it. Any way you can get it, go ahead and do it. Amen. But I don't think you should do the championship of your entire league today. Hey, when you're exhausted and puking and you don't want to run another lap. Yes, coach. Remember that fucking cash app. That's tough. Run through a brick wall, for sure. That's tough, isn't it? That's tough. It just shouldn't be on the actual trophy. You could call the final game the cash app championship. Exactly, yeah. When you engrave it, when it's on the actual trophy. Immortalize it. It's tough. I don't think it's on there enough. It probably paid like $200 million for this or something. Listen, I guess we should refrain from judgment until we at least hear what it is. Because they might be supplying the entire league. They might be co-owners. There should be a QR code on there where fans can send money to the PL. Oh, buy some beers. Through Cash App. Send some beers to the champions. Yeah. Everybody gets a day with the Cash App Championship. Where 10 cents from every Cash App interaction on that particular day goes to the player. To the champion who has the Cash App Championship that day. Holy shit. Now it makes sense. Love it. Are their QR codes on their own jerseys? Do they have individual QR codes on their jerseys so we can support them? Dude, that guy's sick. Hold on. Pause it. Pause it. Pause it. Pause it. Send him 10, 15, 20. You see that goal? 21 bucks at least. He just went bar down. The cash app championship is later this summer. We will certainly keep an eye on it as the Boston Cavanaugh Cannons will battle against the Albany Atlas. Atlas. Is that what it is? I think it's New York Atlas. Albany's in New York, so close enough. I don't know if Albany has a team officially. That's where training camp is. I don't think they have a city. Joining us now is a man who would have been fantastic at lacrosse if he would have played it. And I will be excited to get his take on lacrosse because he is famous Canadian. And we know lacrosse is a Canadian sport. Ladies and gentlemen, from spitting chiclets and NHL on TNT, absolute legend, Paul Bissonnette. What's up, everybody? Great to see you. Thanks again for having me on. I'm like a regular now. Every time I ask you to come on, I feel like an asshole because how often you come on. I'm very thankful that you take time to join us. Oh, I love it. Okay, good. I hope that's the case because Spittin' Chicklets is obviously incredibly massive in influencing the entire hockey world. And then NHL and TNT are on every other night for like five six hours so you make it time for us we're very grateful for now we have a question for you do you know that the pll the premier lacrosse league uh do you know their championship trophy like the lombardi lordo stanley cup the lombardi is not it's the cash app championship that is literally what the title it's on the trophy is the Cash App Championship. Now, we don't know how much Cash App's paying, so we can't judge it from that. That was a wild thing to learn on this particular Feel Good Friday, Biz. How do you feel about it? It's new. They're trying to get money and grow the league, so I can understand it. It's maybe not as traditional as other leagues trying to start off. But, yeah, I don't know much about the league. That's Paul Rabel's league, though, right? Yes, that's what we all know. Paul Rabel, yeah, dog. Well, those charter flights don't pay for themselves, boys. So, I mean, you've got to make some money somehow, right? Amen. And Paul Rabel, keep going. Hell yeah, Paul. Exactly. And we do believe, we just decided that, you know, whenever the winner gets that thing for a day, like the Stanley Cup, you get it for a day, 10 cents of every transaction on Cash App should go to that player. Yeah, it's just something to think about. We're just thinking of ideas for the players. Or at least the MVP. Yeah, at least you could do it. At least. The bare minimum. Let's go to the NHL. Stanley Cup was here the other day. It was awesome. Mira is the one that is tracking it and following it. And this year, it was a fantastic experience. It was a great experience. Now we have two series that are living up to the hype here. 3-2 in the East, obviously 2-2 in the West with a big game tonight. Final four teams seem like these are the right four. Like hockey has it going right now. What have you learned thus far from both of these? I'll kind of keep it as an open slate for you. And what are your thoughts on how it's going? I think the NHL is buzzing right now, Biz. Well, it's unreal. I agree with you guys. I don't think you could have asked for a better Final Four matchup. Let's start with the East. I think the feeling going in was Rangers were this team of destiny along with insane goaltending. They got off to that 2-1 series lead, but ultimately the Panthers are exactly who we thought they were. They're a well-oiled machine. They're big. They're physical. They don't have any weaknesses. Anytime maybe that they want to take out a third or fourth liner, they have another guy who is a healthy scratch who they could put in, who's going to make just as big, if not more of an impact with fresh legs. They have great goaltending as well, but yeah, they're firing in all cylinders. And when they want to dominate a game and when they're rolling, they just seem to take over. So right now the better team is winning in Florida. I think that they will advance. But once again, I'm not discounting the Rangers just simply based on the fact of, I don't know if you've had all the things listed off that's happened the last time since they won the Stanley Cup in 94, like year of the eclipse. We had one this year, earthquake, the fact that they've won the president's trophy, the fact that they had a natural hat trick in in that in the playoff run with chris crider i want to there's like two or three other ones that are just these crazy stats that added up where they won the cup in 94 and now it seems like it's their year this year but uh i think the issue right now with the rangers is it seems like zabena jad pan, Panarin, I know Kreider scored last night, but those are three of their big guns that haven't been able to really get going this series. But that, to me, is more about Florida just imposing their will, and maybe less about New York and what they've got going on. The Rangers are feeling a little deja vu, you're saying, OG fans, and Kreider had a shorthanded goal last night to start the entire thing. They have like seven shorthanded goals. Everybody else left has eight combined or something like that. So I guess they're buzzing whenever they're on their penalty kill, whatever the case is. But, yeah, it was Kreider's first point in like forever. So obviously getting off the schneid is a good thing for him. 3-2 series, anything can still happen in the East. And then let's go to the West. How about it? Here we go. McDavid and the boys come back and flip the script of how this series has kind of gone, getting beat up on early and then going bananas for the rest of the game. How do you see it finishing? So after they went down two goals last game, I'm basically ready to book my flight. I thought it was going to be over in five. And they just were able to turn it on and it's been such a bizarre series i think wayne touched on the broadcast where he's like i don't even know what to think either he's like i've never seen a series like it where from period to period you just have a different opinion on who's going to win it now uh the last couple games before game four when uh edmonton ended up coming back from that two nothing deficit the two prior games they got off to these great starts in the first 20 minutes, and then Dallas all of a sudden just came out in the second period, had it figured out, and then rattled off all these goals and then took down the win. So as it stands right now, Knobloch, who's a rookie coach, has made some pretty good adjustments. He ended up putting in Corey Perry last game. We call him the worm. He's been around for, I'd probably say, at least 15, 16 years playing pro, if not more. He ended up making a huge impact and it was in the megachurch in Edmonton. I don't know if you guys caught the game there. That, if you get to go see a game, Pat, and the crew, if they make the finals, you guys have to make a trip there. They won't they won't oh that's dallas stars fan bubba gumpino obviously in the back saying don't even put that into the universe but we've been told the edmonton crowd because who are we putting over we're putting over uh winnipeg winnipeg we were talking about how awesome winnipeg was really look at that play yeah that's so so sweet and everybody in edmonton was like you bum this is no idea this is the place or whatever. Oh, they get sensitive. The Canadian fans get sensitive about who cheers the loudest and who's the best. Oh, it's crazy. Don't even bring the Cougars into it, brother. Well, they're not called the Cougars. Oh, yeah. They're the Canucks, asshole. They're the Cougar Cougars. Yeah. Oh, great. You're going to have to go into witness protection bat shit crazy online is the Canucks fans. Not just online. What do you mean not just online? There's a 30-30 coming out. I'm just here for the riot. Yeah, the fire. Yeah, they're never going to live that down. Now, Boston Connor, we did have Pasternak on the Spit and Chicklets podcast fresh off of a world championship check, and he called me out on my public push-up. So I gave him 20 on on on live oh that's that's so i did give him 20 because i know we doubled it up i'll still pay it forward to you when you're when you call for the 20 but considering pasta did it and he he wanted the bet made whole i did it then love that for pasta the funny thing about the 20 public push-ups is that i can actually just say, just give me two. So, honestly, if you could tilt your camera down and do two push-ups right now, that's more so how it works than 20 straight. I love that pasta said not all of them. Yeah, I need to see all of them. I don't want to lose my internet connection here. Smart, smart. You guys could keep going. Pasta also was drinking on stage with his baby. Yeah, you saw that video in his life. It was an absolute scene. What was that? World Championship? Yeah, World Championship, which is kind of interesting they don't do it with everybody. Last time somebody... One, two, three. Stop! He's going to do 20. Stop! I did a few extra. Now you stole a couple. That's smart. He's going to do 20. Stop. I need a few extra. No, you stole a couple. That's smart. All right. Smart play by you. An extra for you. 15 left. We'll save the next 15 for another time when you guys ask me to come on tomorrow. Shout out to Boston. Shout out Boston. Yeah, I'm asking Amar to come on, dude. We got a big Saturday program tomorrow. To be honest, during these times, you know, we didn't play hockey. So do we need to be the ones talking? No. So you coming on, you make our show a lot better. We genuinely appreciate it. You guys probably know more about hockey than I do, to be quite frank. Shut up. I appreciate that. Well, let's get down to being stupid-ass fans. Then Tone has a question for you. Yeah, Biz, you obviously didn't play the goalie position, but Igor has seen just a shit ton of shots this series. Is there any chance that he's getting a little sleepy, he's getting a little tired, and that's going to be what decides the end of this series? Yeah, fatigue could definitely come into it. I mean, the good news for him, though, is about halfway through the year, he'd been struggling a little bit, so Jonathan Quick took over over and they were at least sharing the net so the fact that he really didn't have to kick it into high gear for all that volume until the second half of the season i think is huge for him so but i agree with you the amount of work that florida's putting him through especially in this round and then even going back to the carolina hurricane series where they throw a ton on net right so you always have to be alert. Rubber on net. I definitely agree with you. But the good thing that Wayne talked about this as well, as far as the goalies remaining, he's the best at reading the play. Like he can understand where the player is going to end up either making that pass or coming in direct, where maybe some goalies, they just focus on stopping the puck, where maybe they don't have that ability to understand how it's all breaking down. He just seems to be able to have that talent with seeing everything in front of him. And I think that makes it a little bit easier on him to make those reads. And, of course, his skating. Henrik Lundqvist, Hall of Famer, unbelievable goaltender for the New York Rangers, he's on the TNT broadcast. He always just talks about how good his skating is, like how good he is on those edges, where more so the goalies are oftentimes on that inside edge where we have to use inside and outside edge more. He is just always down and athletic and ready to go. So he's an alien in that. That's what we say. He's just remarkable. And I Like, that's what we say. He's just remarkable. And I hope that that's not the case because I would like to see this series go to seven. It's fun watching him. A lot of these teams are dumping rubber, dude. A lot of people dumping rubber, you know, on the net just so much, plowing through it. A lot of rubber dumping. A lot of rubber dumping in there at Madison Square Garden. Rubber dumping. A lot of rubber dumping in there at Madison Square Garden. Igor Shostakhin's ready for all the rubber you can hit. Always. All the rubber you can set all day, all night. He chooses to. I like the fact. So we should be viewing him as like the guy, Igor, the way you talk there. I would say that if any GM had the ability to draft a goalie, if they were all available, I would probably imagine that he would go first. Jake Ottinger for the Dallas Stars is probably another guy, just based on his pedigree too. They have him listed at 6'5". Sometimes they say he's 6'6", but he also just moves very fluid and he's always in the right position. He did have a tough game last game, but he would probably be another guy just based on his age and with what he does. And they talk about that reverse VH a lot and how maybe it's overused and how goalies go down a little bit too early. But the fact is, is when you're 6'5 and 6'6, when you're in that position, you cover the top of the net quite a bit. So he just doesn't really have many flaws. And also a guy who extremely calm demeanor, never too high, never too low. If you're interviewing him after a big win, he just heartbeats the same. So that, to me, is a big quality in a goaltender. And his stick makes saves all by itself. Perfect point. That too. That too. That cost people quite a bit of dough because a lot of people had McDavid any time goal score, especially in a legacy game like that where it was a must win for the oil. Look at him on the bench just rattled. What a bunch of crop. That's what he said. A bunch of crop. What did you say happened to Otter there, Gump? I heard you chime in. They were running him and splashing snow in his face, you know, typical Edmonton bullshit. Hey Typical Edmonton bullshit. Hey, if Oblock's so smart, how come he had these guys scratched to begin with, Biz? Oh, God. So going back to the snowing, I didn't really see that. The one goal that they scored that Perry was involved in where McLeod ended up scoring it, to me it was more of Ryan Suter being a little bit out of position. And then he actually arm locks Darnell Nurse and throws him into Ottinger. And if you watch the replay, you could see it's actually Tanev Stick who pokes that puck loose. So it was a bit of a gong show as far as his own team there messing things up. So maybe some accountability might help. I don't know. It wasn't on the goal. It was the late. It was after that. Oh, was it later on? Yeah. Come on. Okay. Well, hey, I didn't know. At least everybody loves Darnell Nurse again in Edmonton, right? They wanted that guy kicked out of the city 24 hours ago. Mason Rudolph had a face turn in the city as well. That's going to happen in sports. They had the tiki torches out, no doubt. And his teammate Connor Brown defended him quite nice after the game but going back to your question about why did they have him scratch originally Horry Perry the worm was one of those guys who was inserted he's a little bit older doesn't necessarily have those young legs he's not a spring chicken anymore but the fact that Knobloch a great move by not just putting him in on the fourth line where he had been but putting him up with Dreisaitl and putting him in on the fourth line where he had been but putting him up with dry sidle and bringing him more into the game early that was one thing that Wayne touched on the broadcast and and it worked out big time so I know that you're chirping him for not uh for not having those guys in originally but I think for a rookie coach there's been a lot of times he's made a drastic move in these playoffs and it's actually paid off and not just putting him in, but putting him in the right spot. So I gotta compliment him, but hey, listen, they're going back to Dallas. They got the glass banger. They got Tits McGee. I personally have it 51-49 right now for the Oilers just based on the mojo and a very key potential loss was Tanev leaving that game in game four. Pete said he's ready, brother. Pete said he's going to be ready. They say he's very optimistic about him playing in game five, so that's huge. Rumor is that he might have a hairline fracture in his foot, but if they don't have Tanev, I don't think they can win this series. That's my opinion. When Texas Hockey wins tonight, make sure you say how good they are. Okay. I love it. You guys are chippy back there. Show Texas Hockey some love. They're a good squad. You should hear how he thinks about Edzo. Eddie Olchek has ended up in. He thinks that he. Guy went from Vegas to Colorado to Edmonton. What did Texas hockey do to Edzo, Biz? Okay. I get the feeling that Dallas fans are turning into Canadian fans. Oh! I am Canadian. Oh, no. They're like, you haven't shown us love all season long. It's like, what are you talking about? You've been one of the best teams all season long. I never said that. I just said this series. You're gassing up my block. That guy's a goddamn genius. Come on. I'm speaking for all Texas hockey fans online. Why are you talking about our team more? It's like we do. What else is to say? You're a wagon. You guys are built four lines. You have two first lines. That's how deep you are. You got these young rookies in Stankhoven. The stanky legs. Yeah. Do the stanky legs. Yeah. Then you got Wyatt Johnstown. Johnstown. Johnston. Byron goals in left and right. Living in Tom's house. Uh-huh. Hey, the Wiley vets, too. How about Jamie Benn and Tyler Sagan? I think going into last game, since the beginning of the second round, combined for like 19 points. Texas hockey fans are ready to put these guys on waivers. I love my team. Hey, Jamie Bench from Victoria, brother. I never turn my back. That's true. We're about to end our time on ESPN. We'll continue on YouTube, ESPN+, TikTok. And speaking of TikTok, it needs to survive. That clock is ticking. We'll have a long weekend here of watching hockey be fantastic. And I'm sure there's a golf tournament. Is there a golf tournament? Yeah, the RBC up in Canada. Oh, there it is. Oh, here we go. A big Canadian weekend. We'll obviously enjoy the hell out of that. And we'll watch Spittin' Chicklets all weekend too so we can get more and more of this man, Biz Nasty, who will continue the chatter on the other side. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this for a living. AJ, any final thoughts as we send off the TV? Yeah, AJ, you didn't say anything. What's going on? I didn't say much, Biz. I don doing great. How about to the P-Boys? Hey, I appreciate that, buddy. We got no time. See you Monday. Alright, geez. Alright, we're stopped. Let's get back into this. You just brought up some of those Dallas fans and Dallas things. Ty, this was one of the stories of the playoffs, actually. Ty, I have a question for you, Biz. Yeah, Biz, is it safe to say that your rivalry with the did that incredibly awkward interview when WWE superstar Jackie Redman brought him up and everyone kind of assumed, hey, he's going to give it to Biz right now. He's going to talk a bunch of shit. He didn't. He kind of just stood there, didn't really say much. You were like, what the fuck's this guy doing up here? Have you guys squashed that beef? No. Okay, okay. What's going on there? Because I kind of just assumed, you know, after that little interaction, okay, it's over. These guys are the best friends now. So that wasn't even planned. He just found out where the TNT crew was and where Jackie was, and he kind of inserted himself, and I could see his right arm getting in the shot, his blazer. You could see his white blazer. So I was, like, pointing it out to Wayne, because he actually, his father owns a place at Gnauser where Wayne lives in the summer. So Wayne knows this guy a little bit and he's met him. They've taken pictures before. So when we said that, Liam kind of heard us talking so he asked Jackie, who's that guy? And then Glassbanger popped up and then he was trying to play tummy sticks with us, sending us like the heart emojis and shit where I thought that he was going to come in slinging, but he didn't. And then afterward online, then he started talking trash again. So he didn't bring that same energy that he had on Twitter to the broadcast. And then all of a sudden after, he was spouting off again. Yeah, he couldn't get a word out. Yeah, he was seen as a guy. He really could not get a word out. They were alleging some things about him potentially, but he also could have froze up. He could have froze up. Alleging. Oh, yeah. I mean, I don't think he's a few sandwiches short of a picnic, but, I mean, good guy nonetheless, I'm sure, behind the scenes. I'm sure I'll get to see him when he's at Gosser this summer. Yeah, I'm sure you will. It'll be great interactions if he can get the words out there's a chance pretty good that's a good one that's a guy's great one that is ww superstar jackie redmond it is he's the best she's the hardest working hardest working person in hockey right now she's at monday night raw and then she's doing she's at every game seemingly for you guys as well she's doing interviews she's yeah she's i don't know how she does it, to be honest with you, but the coverage has been amazing. And this dude just got locked up, right? The lights came on. He couldn't do it anymore. The mustache ended up shutting the trap. Yeah, he got jammed up. Live TV. Sometimes that happens to people, right? Not everybody's built for this, Pat. You know. Glassbanger's not built for it He's not built for it He thinks he is But he's not built for it No he thinks he wants something With old Biz Nasty He has no idea He has no idea What he's signing up for No I don't have a problem Maybe we should do a WWE match Me and Glassbanger I'm sure you could organize that Certainly I mean you just put it out In the universe We can make it happen and break his neck out. He frees up. Yeah. This guy couldn't even talk in front of a microphone. I couldn't even imagine what he would do in a WWE ring. Have a heart attack. Suplex by Biz. Oh, he shit his pants. Oh, my God. He could bring a few of his pay-for-play ladies with him, too, as his ring girls, if he wants. Maybe he does. I don't know if you guys have heard about that bring in the Backpages ladies, give them a free seat. He never recycles either. He takes them to games. He's like Igor taking all that rubber. Dumping rubber. Dumping rubber, baby. That's glass banger hockey, baby. Or he's got a Z-Pack handy. Yeah. Don't want to be getting the old dick cold. We're probably getting the old dick cold. We're probably getting fined for this. No, no. It's all very free. I mean, it's all very valid points here. Because Glassbanger is a massive piece of that American Airlines center energy. You know, that Texas hockey is going to need. Especially with what's going on up there in the Edmonton church, you called it. I mean, Glassbanger is going to have to bring his best stuff. However he gets himself ready for those games, whether it's the back page, the front page, the middle page, or a mirror. Some people were saying he was looking at pretty closely. It's a wild time. We appreciate the hell out of you, Biz. Keep killing it, brother. Hey, we appreciate you. Thank you so much for having me on boys hey tell boston we appreciate him for this 20 push-ups that's incredible that's sweet i will love you boys thank you so much they say he was on drugs yeah oh yeah cocaine yeah i mean wearing that alleging he was on that blazer that stash i could see it He's on the pay-for-play game. All right. He doesn't recycle them either. He brings new people. I think that's what he says. All right. We'll wrap up all the storylines that we did not talk about this week on the other side. Then we'll send to the world, hopefully, that is watching into the greatest weekend of all time. Hell yeah. Why not? The weather's getting good. I kind of chilled down a little bit. Beautiful. 75. We're in a good spot. Yes. They are saying potential rain. Yeah. All day tomorrow. Yeah, here in Indianapolis. And then rain in North Carolina next week, too. Uh-oh. Yeah. Early Doppler for the soccer tournament. Well, I'm not just worried about that. We're supposed to do a show live from a field, Don. Oh, that's right. That hurts. Metal. Yeah. And I don't know how many inside things are down at this. I'll call Mother. She'll take care of it. Mrs. Nature? Mm-hmm. I hope she does. All right, we'll be back on the other side. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Take it. Fight! Fight! Fight! Here's Richardson. He takes it in for his first NFL touchdown. You Fuck. Oh. Oh. I mean, we're hard right now. For peace, dude. I mean, this is... Oh, shit! Thanks for coming on the show, Beastu. Thanks for coming on the show. Maybe a better basketball player, all right? Hey, we're going to fucking smoke some. Hell yeah. Y'all get it out of your system now because I'm going to annihilate your ass. We can't get left. That is a pack deal. Can't get left. Boys, nobody can get left. Let's go. Team on three. Team on me. One, two, three. Three. Oh, you're all in trouble. Actual, you think you'll lap one person, two people? Actual, you think you'll lap one person, two people? How many people? I say at least one. Laps one person will donate $25,000 to a charity of his choice. If he laps two people, it'll be $50,000 to a charity of your choice. And if you don't lap anybody, it's on you to give $10,000. Deal. All right, here we go. Hey, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Good luck. Hey, boys. Let's go, baby. Let's go. Warm up them tires. We'll be warming up them tires. We'll be warming up in time. Here we go. I'm going to go ahead and get out of here. Oh shit. I'm going to go to the road. We won! Man, you are awesome. You are awesome, dude. You know, there's professionals at things. There's professional walkers, believe it or not. They're in the Olympics. They're speed walkers. They walk better than we do. Even though every human knows how to walk. There's professional eaters, okay? Every human on Earth eats. They're better than you are at eating somehow. Everybody drives. This motherfucker drives. Thank you so much for coming, Tony. Didn't laugh at any of us. Hey, man! Who's our nation, buddy? Definitely smoked us. Hey, that's called getting smoked. By smoke. Oh, Bill! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no Bill! Oh no no! Oh, no, Bill! Did you know you would be good in front office? Did you know that this was going to be something you would succeed at? I didn't know I'd be good at it. I didn't even know I'd be doing it. It's an interesting story as to how I ended up here. I ask myself that often. Way back when I was a kid, I did love, like, the NFL draft. My dad used to pull me out of school. Out of half day, he'd come pick me up at lunch. We'd go watch the draft. So I loved that. Throughout my career, I'd piss my wife off by not only watching round one through three, but then watching round seven. And I'm filling out sheets. And I think the thing that probably piqued my interest, I was living in Denver. After I got done playing there, I'd become friendly with Elway. We played some golf out for me. We had the same high school coach. We went to Stanford, played football, baseball, same fraternity. That was like the poster on my wall. But Elway took the leap at the Broncos. And in his first year, he said, Johnny, you know, I'm keeping a lot of the scouts, but I don't know them. I love the way you think about football. Could you watch the safeties this year and write some reports? And so I did that for him. Remember, it was the year of like Mark Barron and Harrison Smith. And I took a lot of pride in it. I had no idea how scouts did things, but I just watched it like I would watch film. And I sat there at the computer and wrote some reports. And Elway was blown away with like the detail. If I'm gonna do something, I'm gonna do it right. The next year, he says, that was awesome, Johnny. Why don't you do the DBs? So I did the entire DBs. He invites me in for their draft process. It was a lot of work. It was a lot of time. I went to Indy. I went to the Combine with the Broncos that year. So that started piquing my interest. Long after that, there was a guy who ended up bidding for the Carolina Panthers. And he didn't get the team. Tepper got it. But there was another gentleman by the name of Ben Navarro. And I worked with his team if he got the Panthers. And I said, really, are you serious? And he asked me to kind of put together a vision statement for how I would run a team. And so I spent a couple of weeks doing that. I met with him. And from that point forward, I kind of just said, if the right scenario ever came about, this might be something I want to do. I was missing the wins, the losses, all of that. Out of nowhere, something was keeping me up at night one year. I didn't even know what it was. And my wife said, something's on your mind. I know you when you're acting like this, you can't sleep. And I had done a bunch of Falcon games that year. And Kyle Shanahan was the offensive coordinator. It's the year they went to the Super Bowl against the Patriots. And I heard something like Kyle Shanahan's going to get this Niners job, and that's the one he wants. But somebody said he's struggling to find a GM he wants to work with. And so something was on my mind. I had done a bunch of Kyle's games that year, and I gave him a cold call. And I just said, hey, dude, I want to thank you for all the time you've given me all year in these production meetings. I heard something that you're struggling to find a GM. And he goes, I am, man. It's killing me. I think I am going to take that Niners job. And he goes, why are you asking? And I said, well, consider me. I don't even know if I'd do it, but just think about that and see what you think. And his first question, he's like, dude, why would you do that? You got a great job. You got a great life. Like, why would you even you do that? And I want you to come meet this dude named Jed. Well, that dude named Jed was our owner here. Jed York came and met Jed. We flew cross country to Atlanta. I was offered the job on that flight. We meet with Kyle and the whole thing's wrapped up. I hadn't even talked to my wife or family yet. It all moved kind of fast. And here we are eight years later. So sorry for the long story. No, no, no, no. I'm hoping we get three or four more of those. That was phenomenal. Hey, thank you for blessing us with that information. And also, shout out to you being somebody taking initiative and being like, you know what, yeah, this is something I want. And diving right in and being prepared and knowing that you're. Probably the most interesting trade was the Randy Moss trade. After the draft, the first day of the draft, we've been trying to trade for Randy Moss for two months. Like childbirth. I mean, it took forever. After the first day of the draft, I talked to Mr. Davis. I said, are we going to make this deal or not? And he said, yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it for your fourth. And I think we were picking like seventh in the fourth round. I said, well, we've got to get the guy in for a physical. We can't take his contract. We're going to have to reneg for him then you get it done i said all right i call up randy hey randy this is coach belichick boom hangs up the phone what let me try this again randy it's coach belichick who is this who's franking me who is this thanks at the phone randy this is coach belichick we traded for you what is this a joke this better not be a joke who is this no no no no this is all right all right all right really i said yeah but look we we gotta get this done by tomorrow at noon. He goes, alright, what do I need to do? I said, you need to come up, take a physical, and we need to renegotiate your contract. By noon? Yeah. He goes, well, I'm in Houston now, but I got a plane. I'll be there. Nice. He flies, and he yeah uh-huh okay you're good renegotiate the contract we're done at 10 o'clock and first thing he says to me is where's the playbook right here he said okay because when i walk out there with the first team with brady i gotta know all the plays i can't go out there and make mental errors and screw up i gotta know his offense and he was smart man this guy was smart on this post safety coverage what are you gonna do goes coach He goes, Coach, you ain't going to see any post-safety coverage against me. I'm like, oh. He goes, you're going to see cover two. We haven't seen cover two in years. He's like, you're going to see cover two. And he was right. And then he would say, well, here's how to run this route. We're running this and they play cover to how they can post quarter into the slot He's like who me into the slot. I say yes, you can get on middle and cover to you. All right good 25 touchdowns so many Randy come on This show sticks in the fact fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for. Ahhhhh! The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Dammit! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people. And welcome back to our Humble Abode, the Thunderdome. On this fielded Friday, May 31st, 2024, Hour 3 of the program starts now. Sport! What a day it is. Hell yeah. What a day it is. That's A.J. Hawk, obviously. This man is a champion in college and in the pros. He's the current president of Ohio. What's your next thing you're going to do? What's your next thing you're going to do for Ohio? I think every time you have Kirk on, you even say Kirk is the president of Ohio. So it's up to Herbstreet. Let's see what his agenda looks like. Two presidents. You guys are, AJ. I don't know if Ryan Day does that. I don't know if he anoints the next president of Ohio because they don't technically have that. Who was standing up there and gave you the president title? There's no president title, but a couple years ago, some kind of Ohio award that I did get, but then they give it to somebody else every single year. Oh, so you're no longer the president? When did that end? No, never was, never was. No, you were. You were the depiction of Ohio excellence, I think, is what the award was, if I do recall. Like, this is the model Ohio. This is, if you wanted to be Ohio, this is what you would be. Congrats, A.J. Hawk, Kirk Herbstreit. That's what it was, right? Did you guys wear a jacket? Did you guys get a green jacket? I did not. Kirk may have gotten one, though. There it is. I don't know. Wait, so there's a different president now. Who is it? I didn't know that. Two? Who did Ryan Dane write? I don't know who they gave this to. The Ohio's finest. It's the finest Ohioan. Could be Tom Brenneman. Yeah, him and Vrabes. Well, I don't think so. Vrabes might have won it. I mean, Vrabes could be. He definitely has, for sure. Especially just coaching for free up in Cleveland. Yeah, Bobby Carpenter's been campaigning for years, but they just won't give it to him. How come Ryan Day won't give the general Bob Carpenter the Ohio's finest trophy? Bob probably got it 10 years ago. Bob lives over there at the Woody Hayes Athletic Center. How is Ohio doing right now? Pretty good? The whole state? Everybody? Yeah. Feels like everyone's doing pretty well. The weather's nice. It feels like at night, it's like a fall night. Feels like Friday night football almost right now. So it's good. That's what ours is like, too. The Midwest weather right now, phenomenal. Awesome. And the nighttime. Rain's coming up. Yeah, and it's going to be hotter than fucking shit in like two weeks. Well, after the rain, then now there's a thickness. You need one day of rain. Yeah, rain's good. Rain makes corn. Corn makes whiskey. Definitely need rain. Yeah. Understand that. But we've had a lot of rain over the last four months here. We have. I'm okay with us getting into a little bit of a drought. No offense to the farmers. The farmers need rain. And I think hopefully they've already had enough of their rain over the last two weeks. Oh, yeah. No doubt. A lot of rain or whatever. So let's make sure we're keeping crops and corn. We need to be knee-high by the fall of July. Let's make sure we're getting all that stuff. But I would like it to remain like this. This is like spring. Feels like there's a spring. We haven't had spring in a few years. It's gone winter right to holy shit it is so hot. And there's been no real in-between time. This feels like an in-between time, but I fear it's going to come and go pretty quickly. Yeah, I mean, tomorrow's June 1st. Once June gets here, we're in the middle of it. Yeah, but hey, it's much better than any alternative. I like the heat. I'm in on it being hot out, but this temperature now, that's the tightest point. We should take advantage because it is so perfect. It is. So let's make sure we chat about everything we have to chat about, and then we let people get out into the beautiful weather that's right outside this building that we're in right now. Coach Tobe, Kansas City Chiefs Special Teams Coordinator, one of the greatest of all time in the special teams world, will always be heralded as such. I think he's been up for multiple head coaching positions, and if you're a special teams coordinator and you're getting head coaching interviews, that's obviously a massive amount of respect being shown to you by the entire NFL. He had a press conference, and he broke down basically some changes they're going to make because of the new kickoff that is instituted, and we haven't chatted about it much. Not a lot of people have chatted about it much, but I think a lot of the coaches and players that are in the NFL that are working on it all right now are thinking it could be a massive change in how the game is being played, and it could be an advantage if you do take advantage of it. Here's Coach Joe with the Kansas City Chiefs talking about the changes. I'd like to have somebody that can go back, you know, is able to make a tackle. I mean, Bucker's able to make a tackle, but I really don't want him making tackles all year long, you know. If you watch the XFL, we watched every play, I bet kickers were involved in probably at least 25 to 40 percent of the tackles. You know, either trying to make a guy bounce back or making the tackle itself or just missing the tackle. So, you know, we don't want Bucker in that situation, you know, but he will be a kicker. He'll be a guy that we will use in certain situations. He's got a lot of ability to move the ball, you know, whereas those other guys may not be as, you know, apt to doing that and, you know, we'll use them. He can still kick a touchback if we need it, you know, you're just giving up the ball. If we do kick a touchback out of the back of the end zone, now they're getting it at the 30 instead of 25. So that five yards makes a big difference. I mean, that's another 3% chance that you're giving the offense against you to score. What's the early evaluation on guys like Justin Reed? Well, Justin can cover. I mean, he can kick, which he can do, and then he can go down there and make tackles. He's an extra guy that they're probably not accounting for. I mean, they know that that guy can go down and tackle, but a guy like Justin is a guy that they have to worry about. You have to get him blocked, and you have to give up blocking somebody else. So, you know, that's the whole thought of that. Is it something about different kicking styles that might help you out as you're doing this? It's really, you know, hang time doesn't matter at all now. So hang time is out the door. I mean, you could do it, it's about accuracy, seeing what you're getting, how the returners are lined up, and then trying to kick away from them in the corners. But you can't take too much of a risk because if you hit it out of bounds, now you're giving the ball up at the 40. If you hit it short of the target zone, you're giving the ball to the 40. So, I mean, there's a fine line between, you know, pushing the limits, the edges, or just going down and saying, hey, we can cover it. We're going to give them a ball that they can cover and then go down there with a kicker that can cover. Are there any benefit to touchbacks now at all? Yeah, there's benefit. I mean, if you're trying to get out of a game, you're up. You don't want to give up a possibility of a turnover or a big return against you. You just bang it on the back. You just say, hey, we're going to give up the five yards and give him the ball at the 30, which Barker can do. I mean, obviously, you know, he can. A lot. And this is, I don't think people fully comprehend it. Whenever you make a change to the special teams rules, which has been happening over the last few years, these special teams coordinators, they watch the same amount of film as the offense and defensive coordinators somehow. When you think about that, just they figure out a way that's why they are the special teams coordinators there's only 32 of those jobs there's a lot of money to be made in that particular world and there's a lot of games to be won if you do your job very well and there's long careers that are had by people but they are obsessed with football and they're trying to find every little thing every little little advantage to make their team better because that's what special teams can be and tobe's obviously doing that as we speak, AJ. Yeah, a guy like Justin Reed, I mean, it's interesting. That seems very valuable to have somebody that can, because they don't even have to make the tackle. You have to just kind of be there and watch how everything's playing out and see, okay, this one might bust. I need to know where I need to turn it back to. I need to know, hey, this help, whatever it may be. Even if you don't make the tackle, you need to be in the body position to force him to all the other 10 guys that are chasing him. But also at the same time, we're counting on these kickers to have pinpoint accuracy now. So this is going to be fun. Honestly, the more I hear about it, the more excited I am to watch it happen and see how it plays out. Pinpoint accuracy is on the depth. That's what it is. It's like, you know, whenever you're hitting a green, you've got to obviously put it in the right direction because the green is so small. But also you have to have the right distance. Like, that's a massive piece of it is how is your distance and control. Like, that is what the game is now, your distance control. Now, obviously, he said you're going to that you have who's a special teams weapon? Like, if you have a Slater on your team, it's like, okay, we're going to hit the ball at least towards that particular player. Or are we not? And, you know, he also mentioned, and that's a valid point, like if you have Justin Reed out there as a safety, he him kick field goals we've seen him kick off we've seen this happen before whenever position players will kick off for a team because the kicker gets hurt and the punter isn't able to do it because the punter grew up in australia and never kicked a ball off the ground has always been punting their entire life they have to account for justin reed now too you know with their counts whenever they're blocking people so you might be able to avoid a double team on somebody because they got to go block justin re, and now you're able or more likely to make a tackle. It's wild because kicker is not allowed past the 50-yard line until ball is touched, until play begins. Because that was like one of my first questions to Coach Riz down there at the Saints whenever he was laying it out before it got approved. It was like, okay, so the kicker just hits, and we're down there. You're down in there, not allowed to go past the 50 until the ball is touched. It's like, okay, you could definitely see why you'd want an athlete who can kick a ball back there. That XFL stat, and Foxy pointed this out this morning. He said, we watch all of them. 20% to 25% of the plays, the kicker was involved. It's like, that's a lot of action. With some of these kickers in a league, it's not a problem. There's a lot of very athletic dudes kicking balls in the league now. I had 20-some tackles. I don't even think I have the most in the history. I think Bosher had 20-something. Neil Rackers back in the day used to literally run down the field. There has been kickers that have made tackles, but there's also some kickers that shouldn't be attempting to make a tackle. Now, in like, Bucker, very thin. You know, gives speeches. Yeah. People know him for his speeches. Not thin. Those are the thick speeches. Very long. Seemingly just went on and on. On and on and on and on. But he is a very thin guy. Very jacked guy. But he's a very vital piece of their offense. Because he is a weapon. Harrison Bucker can hit from far and Harrison Bucker hits that shit just like Justin Tucker. Justin Tucker, another thin guy, smaller guy, and he is a fucking weapon for the Baltimore Ravens. It's like punters that kick off probably going to become a little bit more of a thing because, no offense to the kicking community, the punters are much more athletic than the kickers are. We have to catch a ball naturally, so that's just an added thing that has to take place. Normally bigger, punters are normally bigger people. I was like the shortest punter in the NFL and able to move. And a lot of Aussies come from Aussie rules football and rugby where they tackle. So it's like probably a lot more punters kicking off, if not positional players. And that's just something we haven't even thought of. And now as these special teams coordinators are diving into it, it's going to be more and more and more changes, I think. Yeah, especially like, I mean, we saw a situation with destroying. That kind of stinks. But it's like, do those guys need to now do tackling drills? Like for shoot, do kickers need to participate in like angles? For safety. Yeah Yeah, for safety. Yeah, yeah. And just taking the proper angles. Keep your head up. If you need to. Yeah, yeah. We're not spearing. You're a Bill Goldberg. You know what I mean? Be a speed bump. Just be a speed bump. Try to trip him up. That whole you said learning how to, and you're talking about it too, is like forcing guys back and learning angles and things like that. There's one play put into highlights. Thank you all so much. Those are very cool to watch. I sit down and there'll be a highlight reel that somebody's put together where they're either voicing it over in a hilarious way or there's music behind it. It's nice to be reminded. Yeah, that is pretty cool. I could move without pulling a hamstring from taking a dump. I just saw one of those the other day of you. Very cool. I'm very thankful for the people that it's very nice of you it makes it does make me feel good whenever i watch it it's especially now with training for tst but there's one against denver broncos where i just deplete the blocker like i just i just fuck it just gonna hit the blocker square in his chest i was in my head i was like i'm gonna hit blocker into returner that's what i thought oh yeah okay i was in my head i thought that much through i'm like yeah that happened to me a few times too yeah it didn't work out all the time no yeah it did not there was no way science-wise it was going to work here with how fast he was but i did because he didn't think i was doing that either so like i caught him off guard and i do i do send him a little bit you know but the guy just scores a touchdown you know because, because I'm down, that guy's down, and the guy scores a touchdown. And Chuck goes up to me after. He's like, be a fucking football player. Can we bring him back? Oh, you hit a guy. Can we bring him back to where everybody else is? And I'm like, in my brain, Chuck, I thought I was. You see that fucking hit? I thought I was going to tackle him off of a guy. In my head, I was like, is this going to be the most awesome tackle of all time? But I get it. Yeah, yeah. Force him back. My help's inside. Got it. Got it, got it, got it. That's on me. With, like, Reed, though, I mean, could you imagine if Justin Reed does read a, you know, return perfectly, and he has a 25-yard head start The NFL's like, well, we need to get rid of these full running starts with big-time guys who aren't scared to hit and make actual boom, boom, boom. That's where our problems are. We're going to keep everybody together so that they can't get the big build-up, and then it's more like a punt return. You're running alongside each other. And the special teams coordinator's like, gotcha, We got actually the most. We got a safety. We got a guy who's the most likely to do it. Imagine these safeties coming into the league. Like, four-shoot. Might want to just start making it around. You don't have to worry about hang time. You don't have to worry about any of that. You just figure, okay. But the big difference is going to be outdoors, though. Think about outdoors. Wind against you. Wind at your back. The difference is going to be outdoors, though. Think about outdoors. Wind against you, wind at your back, or into the wind, swirling wind. You're going to want to kick indoors if you're a kicker. You always have, but I think it'll be a big advantage. The only reason why I don't say – are linebackers all wearing speeds right now? They are, huh? Linebackers, everybody wears speeds, seemingly. Linebackers wearing the low top. Everybody except for what? Linemen. Yeah, linemen for sure. So the issue is if you have those mid-range shoes and you hit it fat, that's going to land. That's not going to make it to the landing. Then the ball's on a 40. That's like a massive. And you're not going to change shoes as a linebacker. You're change your right shoe and in and out and do all that yeah so i think like that's an actual thing to think about like okay who can possibly run and hit this thing inside the landing zone on a regular basis because if you get an extra weapon covering you're gonna want it and with how it's set up there's gonna be a lot of there's gonna be returns man people gonna get caught with not not having discipline in your in your fill lanes and everything running behind each other yep you peek, you peeked the wrong way, whatever. That's all it takes. And since they're all kind of at the same level, yeah, we're going to – it's like fourth and one when someone loads the box and the dude breaks it for 75 because there's no help behind him. Okay, so the way this normally goes, and youer back here The moon The moon is the kicker We went there 1969 That's the moon? How did that Why was it such a clear audio? Because we have the best fucking equipment in the world That's NASA I was talking to somebody in California this morning Every other word Driving through You know, whatever Mountains they have somebody in California this morning. Every other word. Driving through whatever mountains they have over there. We don't want to get into these goddamn 5G cell towers. We don't want to discuss why Verizon was down yesterday. This is NASA, brother. Anyway. Ah, fuck it. Do you think it's going to be like gunners on the kickoff team and just put as many tight ends out there on the return team? No, so I think it's going to be bigger guys that are just going to – On kickoff? I think they're going to hold line. I think they're just going to wait. Or return. I think there's going to be a couple guys that are going to be attackers, but I think a lot of people are going to be two-gapping. You're going to be setting picks out there if you're on offense, I think. Hey, just don't let them cross your face, whatever it may be. All you need, literally all you need, okay, so like five across here. Let's just act like five, four, three, two. Normally let the one go, okay? Shout out to Wheezy and also special teams. So fives are on the inside and then you work out towards the ones. It's like normally the ones are free. They become like safeties. They drop back. Twos are the ones that are normally hunting and then these three are kind of just like, huh, huh, let's play it. Kicker's job is to maintain triangle, triangle, triangle with wherever ball is. But it's like you can't have ones just be the safety because if they're all lined up at the same time you could just take that fucker yeah right at the one all of a sudden you know it's like it's going to change the history of rules because like people hide who the ones are and the ones are just the safeties but they're always considered the one so finding the one oh the one is at the four now our count is different so then it's two three four one five is how it goes whenever it comes to like blocking so i'll be excited to see where they put who's doing what who they designate as like safety players because you might want some size like you might want like a couple bikes that are kind of sitting back to gap and you might want full speed so that you can maybe beat them off the line through the setup zone it's like there's so many more things that are mad that are valuable like that first 10 all of a sudden very important here for sure whatever you're five yards away from me the person who's supposed to be blocking you like that first 10 now all of a sudden is much more important stat than we've ever thought of it and then it's they're gonna take advantage advantage. All you need, all you need. Okay. All you need is for this fucking guy to go that way. And this guy to go this way. And that is a fucking bunch of that is all you need is two people next to each other to fuck up at the same time on the same play. That's every kickoff. That's why the kickoff is so electrifying. Cause literally you, this guy just got, this guy just got this guy just got signed okay on thursday what's his name uh 44 that's his name we have no idea what the fuck this guy's name is he's a dog this guy just joined a team two weeks ago he had never played special teams before this guy never in his life and they just accidentally opposite ways opposite leverage we're gone like that is. With a 4-2-40 runner with the ball, it's like gone. Like that is very feasible to happen. Like any time, 1,500 more plays, that's what they're saying. I mean, you're talking about a, I'm not going to say like 100 touchdowns. There's going to be a lot of touchdowns. There's going to be a lot. It's going to be early. I'm interested to watch how it goes from the first four games this season to the last four, like how it morphs and how different, how much better I think the coverage teams become. And I think, like, amen, getting better. What's new strategy? Throwbacks? I mean, they kick it over here, sweet. We're going to throw back over here. Fake reverses all the time. They'll do everything. Try to get a wall return set up. Yeah, and you can bring this fucker. You can loop. I mean, if you know the ball stuff. Are they going to stop, like, D-line stunts kind of like that? So there is, I mean, there is crosses. I mean, like, these normally you can get, like, this person's blocking the two. So they'll, like, peel. But I don't i think yeah you can't the opposite side of the opposite side of the field that used to be like this person would take off the two and it was a fucking it was a blind side yeah massive murder yeah yeah it was a kill or it was a complete miss and this person stopped free like slater to or slater slater's like attitude that's where you put your gun yeah they are going they have a green light to go normally now you might move your two in if they got a good read on who it is or you can't get any separation. But it's like they're going to figure out how to take advantage of this rule. Every special teams coordinator that is worth a grain of salt will certainly put their stamp on this. But I think it is going to be good for football. But what a fucking weird setup. That's a weird thing that they're going to have to show on TV. It's going to take time to get used to. The first couple weeks it is. It's going to look so fucking weird seeing that every kickoff. I had real mental problems when I was doing a punt after a safety. I felt so weird. Because I'm doing a fake snap to myself, which I do in practice. But you're just standing there in an open stadium pretty much like, okay. And no line. It's like kind of weird. It's like a weird thing. I couldn't even imagine how this is going to happen. That's so weird. The spider cams would look really cool with this. The sky cam? Yeah. Up behind it? Yeah. I don't want Boz kicking off. No way. I mean's boz is not known to be a big time hitter even though he's a texas boy and hits the hell out of a football he's he's shaped just like just like uh tucker tucker is and yeah and all you need is a guy blocking you you don't even need to make the tackle you just need somebody to come block you that that was whenever i felt real complimented when people were coming to block me that was cool that was a cool day that was a really cool day what's sweet with this too is like how it could change like let's say you're playing a team and it's like okay these guys have all speed on their kickoff team and usually we go all speed but this week we're gonna put four linemen yeah we'll put four linemen our fullback in three of our linebackers out there and let's see because then you would have to change it right like could you imagine just like first kickoff against the miami dolphins they have their special teamers in there all right we got a good read on what they're doing then all of a sudden they drop tyreek hill and jaylen waddle all of a sudden it's a whole new fucking we are in a different time than we were in the in the first quarter real quick you know like so many of those it's going to be good i bet you roger goodell feels it's gonna be awesome very good about kind of forcing this to happen yeah seemingly now xfl obviously deserves a lot of credit because they were the first ones to take a drill from practice put it in the game and it's all their data and analytics that were used to get this pass to keep the play in football so congrats to ben i, I believe is his name, from Stanford, his former football player, rules expert for the XFL. But the more we hear special teams coordinators talk about it, the more we're going to be like, oh, there's a lot of possibilities here. A ton. There's a lot. And these special teams coordinators will smoke meth and any upper they can to stay up all night to try to figure out what the best plan of attack is for this particular set. That is literally how they go about their business. That's how they keep their jobs. What's this here? This is the last kickoff return for the Colts? God, man. Yeah, shot out of the cannon. That was a good day. He played for the Texans, too, before then, so it was obviously a big thing for him. i don't know why or what that's the last the last kickoff return ever was actually the patriots against the bills in week 18 last year that might be that's probably the colts all doing that too right what is it we're in la watching that uh he said that this would be the closest to the coverage team i'll be on the same level who said that coach chuck oh coach chuck pagano sent this in oh yeah well this is it for chuck we just i mean this is against yeah go ahead yeah i was a coach here yeah look at the score there 16 14 third quarter hey chuck hey thank you chuck thank you is she thatem, great teammate, great special teamer. He was on the Texans. I think he returned one maybe against us for the Texans. He was a great returner. Not really talked about because I don't think he played as long. It is whenever you get a kickoff return, though, like the entire build, we're going to win the game. Stats normally. I think against the Green Bay Packers, we took the opening kickoff back to the house against you guys in Green Bay. We were going to beat you. If you take a kickoff to the house, stats say throughout here, you're going to win the game. That is kind of... I think momentum maybe isn't even justified into that, but if you take a kickoff to the fucking house... Just the odds that go up. It's like getting turnovers. You get one turnover, two turnovers, you've got a good chance to win, all that stuff. I wonder what the new odds will be. I assume there's going to be games where both teams give up kickoffs. I was going to say, how many times do you think we'll see back-to-back, like a team's house is won and then on the next kickoff? That would be electrifying. That'd be awesome. Then they're just going to start kicking in the end zone and taking it to 30. Yeah, true. Yeah, true, depending on the odds, because he said there's a 3% difference. 3% is a very small percentage, you know, whenever you're thinking about the entirety of percentages on weighing a decision, pros and cons or whatever. But, yeah, I will be excited to see which teams just decide, no, we ain't got it. What about the moving parts of it? You know a kickoff team, like your kickoff cover team a lot guys get dinged up guys get tired like you're gonna you're you're constantly replacing trying to put backups in trying to like fill gaps and fill fill the guy the 10 guys covering there plus the kicker like yeah things are gonna happen man like things are there's gonna be some spots where people don't don't have a ton of game reps and they're gonna be thrown in there and trying to figure it out yeah if people that'll just be, hey, we need touchback. And there'll be zero chance of them bringing it out of the end zone if you kick it into the end zone. You know, that'll be the – heels will be on the goal line. Actually, heels on the goal line here. If it goes in there, we'll take it at the 30. It's going to change the game. Yeah, a kicker gets hurt starting at the 40th. Kickers are going to get hurt. No, kickers are good. I don't want them to, but they're going to be involved in many more plays as Tobe told us. Yeah, it's going to happen. I think the good news about this crop of kickers with how athletic they are, these guys aren't going to have any embarrassing moments where you get shook in the middle of the field and Antonio Brown goes in. You're not going to get Julian Edelman just to stick one run right by you. Pickers aren't going to get hurt because no one's getting hurt this year. Well said. That's a great way to end this thing. Well said. Thank you so much for that. Zero. I'm happy we're making that proclamation now, too. Because I think last year, whenever I said it, I was too close to the season. Yeah. It didn't have a chance to really work its way in. Settle in. So you making that announcement here on May 31st. Universe Bowl? That's a lot of pressure. Oh, no. What's that? That's one. Bonus ball, bonus ball, bonus ball. Coming back. Yep, that thing's coming right back. No one's still getting hurt. Fish on. Yep, that thing's coming right back. No one's still getting hurt. Fish on. Yes. One person's getting hurt. You got a polo on. There it is. Two people are getting hurt. That's the W-ball. This is the first one. Bonus ball. A couple of broken arms. ACLs. No, no, no. These are all bone bruises. Boom. No. Ooh. Boom. Okay. Two jacked up. Oh, no. Bonus ball, bonus ball, bonus ball, bonus ball. Perfect. Yep. Oh, yeah. No injuries. Boom. Bam. Okay. No injuries. Zero. And at the most, five. Holy shit. Boom. Bam. Okay. No injuries. Zero. And at the most, five. Holy shit. Nope. Just minor injuries. I felt the weight of the league. Take it off because you did it. We did it. Hell yeah. What a week. What a week. Spots get real good. Yeah. Uh-huh. Ain't that right, AJ? I'll tell you what. I'm pretty excited for this soccer tournament coming up. I'm not going to lie. Is it field turf or is it grass? Grass. Grass, grass, grass. Beautiful grass. From what we've been told. You only play on grass, right? I know the real pros only play on grass. Well, I think that was something yes, soccer, footy, normally played on grass. Remember, all the NFL stadiums say, this turf's not good for the soccer players. No. The grass we play on out there is terrible. The worst. So, I'm excited to get on a flat field. Every time I go to run, I'm like, oh, I'm going to roll my... Yeah, you got to look down. Yeah, I'm going down into a hill. Yesterday yesterday was by far the best day it was, I'm not going to give away our strategy because we're not going to do that but very game like out there yesterday I cannot express that enough confidence is rising with where I still know there's a chance that any muscle in my body could get torn any ligament could potentially there's a chance that could happen my lungs can certainly get blowed up. You know, there's a chance. But what's happening with ball and foot right now, feet, shall I say, even with the left one getting in, I did not expect to happen. So much so that I actually thought to myself, you know, I haven't played soccer a long time, but I did kick balls a long time. Did I maybe get better with ball because profession was kicking a ball that is tough? It's a tough ball. Yeah. Ball is tough. You know, small sweet spot. So you got to find like I balls moving where I wanted to go right now. Pretty good. Like yesterday was a fun day. Like that was a it was a it was an enlightening day, I think, for both Gumpy and I. It was also like third straight day of me hitting balls. So able to continue. Yeah, your body's holding up. Bingo. Now, I'm not doing a warm-up that this Concava soccer club's going to do. Don't even mess with it. I am not. I will be watching them do their fucking. Get out there and go when the whistle blows. That's why we got a deep roster. Dude, it's 20 folks, obviously. That's why you got Eddie fucking Speed. Yeah, Speed. Breck Shea, Eddie Speed. Zat, I guess, is a doll. Zat Knight, yeah. And Jeff Cameron is a monster. I mean, like, the team... You know, a lot of people, and I heard JJ say, JJ said, I didn't know anybody on your roster. It's like soccer people, though. What we have here. And this was a strategy. Whenever the Tennessee Titans go on and move on from Vrabel, we think this team's got no strategy. They do. They've clearly put out what their strategy is. If you were to look at our roster and what leagues these guys played in, how they played, the style of soccer in which they played, there was real strategy put into place when building this particular team. We got a lot of guys that are used to smaller fields. We got guys that have a lot of quick touches. We got guys that can move, and we got guys that are in their primes. Now granted, Breck Shea, Jeff Cameron, they're like wine. They're only getting better. Mikey Grella, obviously, Paisano is going to do his thing. Mike Foss might have two torn hamstrings. Foss might have two torn hamstrings. He's going to go out there and run the way he runs. But what Foss and Jeff Cameron put together here is a team that I think is going to do well in the seven-on-seven tournament that we are going to play in. And I'm lucky to be a part of it. All I'm looking for is a couple minutes a game. And I think we have gotten to the point training-wise where I'll be able to survive a couple minutes a game. And that's concave for soccer club soccer, baby. That's what it is. I'm pumped up about it. I'm excited to get down there too, AJ. I've heard the place, the facility is really nice too. When I looked at the website a few times, I was thinking, man, this is a real professional operation. So they have, I think, the NCAA championships there for a couple. You all right? Jesus Christ. My bad. Jesus Christ. My bad. Yeah, I think I swallowed a bug. Junebug? You swallowing cigars up there, dude? You inhaling cigars, dude? No, I don't. I can't inhale them. No, I don't know what's going on. Hey, is Blocky in the RBC? I don't think so. Nah, he's out. No, I don't think so. Memorial Tournament's next week here in Columbus. Nah, nah. I'll be in North Carolina. That's the US Open. So you are renting your house out. Right. Nah, we're going to be here. The Hawks? The kids, my wife, they're going to most likely be here. Not bad business plan for you, though, in the past? You've made a good amount of money off of that? Nope, not at all. But, you know. Oh, you hate it. We were out of town. No, I didn't hate anything about it, but yeah. I mean, it was... I hated it. I know some people that are renting their house out, though, coming up this year. Good business. We had a guy who had a big field. He also had a cat, I think, but he had a big field next to the Oakmont Country Club there in Pittsburgh, and he would just sell parking whenever the tournament would come through there there and he made a lot of money like he would he would bank off of people parking in his field is the house rental similar for these golf tournaments or no uh the house is on the course so i think they used to be even bigger and get more money but house on the course will rent their house to big like companies company comes in puts plastic down covers things up and then they run the house for the whole week. The family moves out. Those people make some cash. Okay, sweet. You can probably upcharge those companies. You won't black out our house all weekend. Yeah, exactly. Put plastic down. General Bob Carpenter's coming through here, just like he's coming through the neighbor's house and the next one. We used to go in college. When we were in college, we go in those houses. I had to paint. Oh, that was back when Ohio State was paying players in different ways on golf courses? I didn't get paid. I was just going and scrounging up drinks from different places. Paid in beers. Oh, okay. I like that. That's Ohio. That's Ohio's finest. Did you see the pandas coming back to America? Yep, we Coming back. This is a big deal. All pandas are going to be gone from the United States. Zoos and everything. Two of them coming back to D.C., which we are pumped about. Washington, D.C. Now, it's not the two older pandas that have been living there and getting shipped back because the lease had been done from China. We got two young ones coming back to America. Bao Li and King Bao. Okay? They look like demons, don't they? King Bow's a doll. They look like fucking demons. No, they don't. They look like panda bears. And we're all thankful that the panda, panda, panda, is coming back to the United States of America. Because there was a time there where no kids in the United States of America were going to be able to go to the local zoo, you see a panda bear. That's bullshit. I don't want to live in that America. Can we change their names? What does that translate to? Green and treasure and treasure and energetic. So a lot of treasure going on. That's the bowel part of this. Probably what they're after. Booty? Yeah. You think the pandas are coming in to steal our booty? Of all the places. Did you guys know D.C. had the most famous zoo in America? I thought it was in San Diego. So why the fuck are they going to our nation's capital in an election year? You're right. I don't know what King Bao and Bao do. Are these pandas felons too? Is that their parents stripping them off? No, that is not King Bao. That must be them. Go fulfill your destiny and assassinate the president, panda. That is not going to happen. These pandas are gonna roll around eat bamboo i hope that's what they're gonna do in dc and they're gonna make kids that go to the zoo go i'm happy to know that animal exists these are the only two in the united states of america kids yeah kids going to the zoo joe's got really going to be the only two they're bringing them back only two in america remember Is that really going to be the only two? They're bringing them back. Only two in America. Remember the last two were gone. They were shipped out, I think, this week. It's ending the lease that we have. Why don't we start breeding them? Let's start breeding them here. You can't breed them. You've got to make them in a lab. Who made that rule? Who made that rule? China owns all these pandas. This is real. these pandas. Let's get one or two pandas we own and let's make a bunch. See, that would be impossible because you see the pandas are owned by China. We own these ones. This doesn't make sense. I looked it up in the Smithsonian National Zoological Park. It's one of the top in the nation. One of the top. Indianapolis, obviously, number one. I don't think so. They got Zubalation coming up, brother. Zubalation I went to the Indy Zoo on Memorial Day. It's a good zoo. It is great, too. How about the chimpanzees? It's awesome. And they have them out. They're just fucking walking in the cages and just sitting there and just staring at people as you're going through the park. It was great. The wife said Mackenzie walked up to the chimpanzee exhibit. Chimpanzee walked right up to my daughter Mackenzie, had a moment and then just kind of walked away. Oh, yeah. I would like to know what they each said. Like, is that chimpanzee saying, I would like to eat that kid? Or are they saying, oh, that's one of us. And what was Mackenzie thinking? Back to the chimpanzee. I think the Indianapolis Zoo is on the... I think it's... I agree. I think it's going... and those rhinos look like boulders because they don't fucking give them water or wash them. They give them water. They tranquilize the shit out of them every single morning. The last time I was there, they had fucking wildebeests in there and they had this much water in the entire place. They drank the water. Speaking of wildebeests, thank you for the transition. Super pigs are coming from Canada. So Canada gives us Canadian geese, which from Canada. So Canada gives us Canadian geese, which we all hate. Not that I'd touch them, by the way. They are protected. Now, Canada's sending super pigs into the United States of America. The border conversation has been one that's been happening everywhere. If this isn't a reason to fucking border up our northern border to Canada, I don't know what is. They're saying these things are the size of horses. 600 pounds. Aggressive. Violent. 680 pounds these things are the size of horses yeah 600 pounds aggressive violent 80 pounds yeah his moto's never missed oh okay we're gonna say his moto you think they're the only ones the super pigs have been called for for the last couple years making their way to america i don't know if they're on some super pig pilgrimage but everybody's saying these fuckers are making their way into our towns we need to keep an eye out and i think there should be a rule just like coyotes Okay in the United States of America. You're allowed to hunt a coyote anytime you want. See one, shoot one. You can kill one. We need a super pig green light around the United States of America for these fucking assholes Because these things will reproduce down Louisiana Oh, yeah They got hog issues because these things are fucking like rabbits in their own Could you imagine the fat stacks of bacon though you get off those things? Super pig bacon? Yeah, but Canadian bacon stinks. You're right. Ham is... Yeah, it's not good. There's no way it's good. They're going to be shooting these things from helicopters like they do in Texas. No, what we could do is we could build a wall on our border. Well, I think the super pigs could potentially lead to us doing that, especially on the northern side. Yeah. Especially on the northern side. Why don't we just set up a bunch of turrets at the border? Like every, I don't know, 50 yards with some beacons, some night vision, some thermal technology. Sounds cheap. We should fucking take Canada back. And then there are super pigs. We never had it. And super pigs would not be a reason why we would want Canada. No. Yeah. Maybe Putin. Putin, yeah. a reason why we would want canada no yeah maybe putin yeah maybe timmy king timmy horton smooth cream is pretty good black tiger no the tiger tiger tiger tiger smooth burger is their peanut butter yeah delicious right it's so good it is it is very good blue blue molson triple x cool guys in the red on horses. Fucking Mounties. Mounties, yeah, that would be a reason. Loonies and Toonies. Hockey. Lacrosse. Yeah, we get Whistler. Curling. Curling, where do we have? 100% maple syrup. Pond hockey. Yeah. Letter Kenny. Oh, yes. Evergreens. Who's that? There's a bench. Who? Shorzy? Shorzy, there he is. Johnny Bench? There's not enough Pines. Johnny Bench is an American, you son of a bitch. He's a great catcher. He's a great catcher of all time, yeah. Yeah, I know. I agree. Actually, Mike Piazza's number one. Well, him and Benito Santiago, my bad. Sorry. And Jason fucking Ketchum. Jason Kendall. You're right. Jason Barrett. There's a lot of great ones. Fucking Jorge Posada. Barrett Tech, Mike Pizza. When you're talking best catcher of all time, you're talking one man and one man alone. That's Jason Kendall, brother. Signed. Biggest Chas you've ever seen. And he goes gloveless on the bats. That's Jason Kendall baseball. I think Jared Jones might too. Might. I think Paul Skeens and that whole crew, they might go like quadruple lip pillows while they're out there. Noses too. Maybe. That's old school. That's old, old, old, old old school, right? Oh yeah. Snuff. There's no way you've done snuff before? Yeah. Yeah, no. Definitely not. Isn't that from the 1900s? I mean, yeah, but when you have block scheduling in high school and your freshman year you have woodworking and it fucking sucks and you're sick and tired of making a birdhouse, you might sneak into the bathroom and... Freshman year? Snuff it up? Yeah. Jesus Christ. Who's got the snuff, boys? Pass that around. Boom. You go in and you put a thick coat of lacquer on your birdhouse. Yep. We're not recommending this to anybody. No, no. We're just saying this is factual stories. Might stop on the way home. No, no. I don't get some fucking Buglers anymore. Now is not the time, boys. Bugles? I love Bugles. No, Buglers. The roll your own six. Okay. I like Bugles, too. You meant Bugles the snack. You meant Bugles. I love Bugles. Yeah, the little pouts. I don't see them too much. You don't see them around that much. They're out there. I mean, every gas good uh pizza i think there's a pizza pizza's a good one you know the rich cheese crackers better than the peanut butter i agree for sure yeah yeah and those are harder to find than the peanut butter i agree the reds about that you like the orange ones you don't know shit yeah the rich cheese yeah are we talking about the peanut butter yeah no i'm a peanut butter guy yeah i'm being a butter guy as well but i think the rich cheese one does not have as much representation as it should in a conversation and in the store. I like the cheese one. Club crackers are the best. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Love saltines as well. Saltines are legit. Put some peanut butter on saltines. I have just a standard plain, give me a plain Ritz. They put so much salt on them. They put so much salt on them. They're so much butter. They're delicious. They can't be more buttery than Club ones, though. I will eat a Ritz, too. I don't like the packaging. I'm about fucking sick of that. The packaging stinks. Ritz or Club? It does. Ritz. The Club's not bad, right? Kind of both. They both kind of have the take off the top. The getting destroyed. Crumpled to shit. We only have so many. I love them. Club, though, is so good. I love them both. I love them both. Me too. I'm a saltines guy, I'll be honest. You ever do that challenge of the saltines? I have, yeah. And we got through it? Mm-hmm. Yeah. It sucks. It fucking sucks. Speaking of wood you're basically chewing on a birdhouse but it's still good oyster cracker oh my god yep i take it back like skyline chili bring them out to your table nothing to do with the ocean yeah they come in boxes all right they actually come in mud i've actually gone in and found the oysters before uh i just want to let you know that i've gone no like the the oysters that you put in like clam chow oh i think you're talking about actual no no no no crackers chicken noodles oh i'm not a big soup guy i never got into that they're like saltines but with yeah yeah i'm changing my answer to i'm changing my answer to that i will dump those in though those will certainly yeah put those in a chicken noodle soup are you kidding me that's amazing it's like a... It's a new pants. A little crunch in there. Bing, what's the fried bread in salads? What are those? Croutons. Oh, croutons. I love croutons. I'm a crouton guy. I used to just fucking eat that shit. A little garlic bread. Yeah. Toasted garlic bread. Yeah. But the crouton for the soup is definitely in there. Yeah, I love oyster crackers. So you can eat those things just hand over fist. It doesn't matter. You know, cinnamon raisin bread with some good butter after being toasted. So fucking good. The wife, Samantha, that's like a go-to at the house at night. It's like, this is good. Cinnamon sugar bagels. Sweet tooth. Oh, yeah. Uh- tooth. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. AJ hasn't had any of this. No. When are we going to get to the grilled chicken? What's your guys' favorite chicken? I just don't like raisins. Mine's nothing. Cinnamon sugar bread or cinnamon sugar bagels. Amazing. Cinnamon You get that weird mushy texture involved. That just freaks me out. I like raisins for some reason. I am a big texture person when I'm eating stuff. I don't mind the raisins. Have you guys had cinnamon swirl bread? It is without the raisins. It's an expanded version of cinnamon toast crunch. Kind of. Yeah, basically. It has swirls in it. It is so good. CTC. Pretty good. I hate cereal. I don't like cereal. Yeah, we know. We've learned a lot. Cinnamon Toast Crunch is amazing. Yeah, I've never heard a single person say I hate chicken nuggets or Cinnamon Toast Crunch. That's the thing. Hey, did you know McDonald's is selling baskets of fries? Did you know that? I've been to McDonald's no shit probably 10,000 times in my life. There was one walkable. They created a dollar menu whenever i was very young it was like hey here's meal like this is i had cereal and mcdonald's that was literally what i grew up on i have never ever in my entire life seen a basket of fries it is show up at from our new uh graphic designer derek uh d-bone he just pulled the trigger this morning on a McDonald's order. And obviously, you get judged in this office no matter what you order. You're going to get attacked. What Tone ordered today was maybe the greatest fry I've ever had in my life. Holy hell. So DeBone heard about these fries. He was like, I can't wait to get some fries. Everybody enjoys McDonald's fries. Have you ever seen a basket of fries? I've never... McDonald's has it figured out. They have the scooper of the fries that fits perfectly into the container of the fries. This is actually three extra large fries in one basket, which is what D-Bone got today and ate every single one of them. And the only reason we gave D-Bone shit is because right before he ordered McDonald's, he's like, I know I'm a big dude, but I really don't enjoy eating. I don't like eating. And then he spent like $80 on McDonald's literally 10 minutes later with the biggest basket of fries known to man. Four fries. Family fry in a basket for myself. Yeah, it was quite a series of events, but I learned something about McDonald's today. I thought I fucking knew everything about it. I thought the portions were getting smaller I thought they were trying to take that away from me I think that's a secret menu this guy has How do you even put that in a bag You gotta get a duffel bag to place that in You can't put that in a normal bag I think it was all by itself in it's own paper bag He pulled it out It was a nuclear football I'm like what the fuck I mean they're good They're crispy they're good there was a Burger King operating down in the south side of Pittsburgh that wasn't actually a Burger King they were just saying they were a Burger King they stole the licensing and they were just wrapping burgers that they were making similar meat flame broil sesame seed buns and they were just wrapping it in random wrappings they didn't have Burger King stuff obviously so you get fries. It's just in a plain container, pretty much. And then it's just like, is this really Burger King? It's 2.30 anymore. Who gives a fuck? Wow, this is flame broiled. This is really good. It's in Tupperware. I'm going to get out of here. I thought that's what he ordered, like something from McDonald's, like a when I saw it. They did look delicious. They were. I had some. He had what? Something from a gas station? Pizza and Chicken Express. Those fries are fucking to die for. AJ heard these fries from the other side of the Thunderdome as he was crunching into them. It had a chip pop, these French fries. So good. Crispier the fry, better for me. Big, nasty, mushy fries that they don't cook them enough. Absolutely not. I want nothing to do with it. So the French call them steak frites, which is like the mashed potato fry. Yeah, those stink. Worst one. You know why? Why? Because there's mashed potatoes in there. The worst form of potato. That is a terrible argument. Let's get to the weekend. Terrible. How do we go out here? Terrible argument. The shape, yes, stinks. But it being every fry is mashed potatoes. Do you think that one had any mashed potato inside of it? Anything from a gas station. I don't know what the fuck's in there. What we're saying is we would eat the gas station French fries. Is that supposed to be? Yeah. Because that's. That's what it looked like, right, Tony? That's a bit misleading. Yeah. They're catfishing, folks, but it tastes better than it looks somehow. It comes on the wooden board at all. I've never eaten in person there, so it doesn't look like that when it comes in the side. You mean you don't eat it on a cutting board every single time? But the fries and the chicken kind of look similar, yeah. The fries were so good. The chicken looks good. You though. Really? I don't know if it's a gas station. It might be a food truck. I'm not 100% sure. Chicago Bears are on TV. They're Caleb Williams joyfully jogging down the field. Going to see a lot of that on Hard Knocks. That was a good piece of information this week. Did he? Yeah, half our secondary was not there, though. Actually, our whole secondary. Where are they? I don't know. They weren't there today. Well, that's not good. Oh, no. He's going up against the twos. Is everybody okay? Is Chicago's culture? Maybe it's a team-building thing. Team-building trip, maybe. Yeah, hey, go up against the backcourt. This will be good for you. No, and also on the defensive side, fuck this. Let's boat out there on the golden that'd be sick the golden what's it called the golden you come on gold coast yeah the gold coast there it is no gold coast is up in chicago it's beautiful hey it is gorgeous chicago in the summer real deal it plays yeah i was i haven't i've heard of the greatness of chicago in the summer i was not aware of the gold coast yeah the gold coast there's like a beach there with like this incredible water like big really and then they got a lot of boats everybody's out there everything's like a walk a ball you got you got it's really it gets hot it gets very humid in chicago yeah thick wind dies down sometimes no it's safe wendy chicago's a good city i mean you guys are gonna it up with the new stadium but no no no still nice same spot so what's gonna? We're just moving it down. So it's not the same spot. I have to bulldoze the museum to put a parking lot in. I love that museum. The museum is not going anywhere. That is a nice little setup there, you know, that entire, the museum, the zoo, I think, is up there, the aquarium or whatever. The aquarium is there. The The zoo is a little further down. I don't think I've been to the zoo. Chicago Zoo good? Yeah, we have two good ones. Brookfield and Lincoln Park. Lincoln Park's really good. You guys got any pandas? Yeah. No, you don't. No, we don't. Yeah, you don't. Oh, it might have been dogs. I don't know. Easy. Amen. Spray-painted labs. Let's get out of here, huh, shall we? Hey, if you're going to any live event, you need to use our friends at SeatGeek. Use McAfee30 to receive $30 off any tickets. There are some restrictions, obviously, and we would assume the restrictions that apply are if it's less than $30. M-C-A-F-E-E-3-0. For $30 off any ticket that you buy from our friends at SeatGeek does not matter if you have shopped with SeatGeek before each ticket is rated on a scale of one to ten so look for the green dots green means good red means bad and by bad they mean our AI has scanned the rest of the internet and all the ticketing bases and everything you can get a much better ticket somewhere else green means hey this is a good ticket hell yeah you'll never get catfish from our friends at SeatGeek. They're not trying to fuck you. No. They're just trying to make you have the best experience of your life at a live event. You're alive, but are you living? Go live and experience something live with our friends at SeatGeek. Let's get the hell out of here. Let's have a great weekend. Hell yeah. Let's get outside. Let's get get out there and touch a little grass breathe some air, get some vitamin D because tomorrow rain might come and we never know if the sun might never show again let's take advantage of the moments we have and not just expect ones in the future whenever we'll be able to make something right or make something better or make something whole let's do that right now let's get all the negative bullshits out of our life let's enjoy the hell out of this, let's have an incredible weekend. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Goodbye.