Thank you. so Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. so Thank you. The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk if you are young Please seek permission before watching any further This show sticks in the fact you listen we are very very thankful The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want that! We want that! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdome, on this Super Monday, May 13, 2024. This sports program starts now. Sports! Our wonderful in sports had a massive weekend. Obviously the NBA and the NHL are in playoffs and there's drama and controversy written all over it. One that's going to be a big story, especially in that stupid city of New York. The Indiana Pacers are about to run shit for the rest of this particular series. Go back and play in Madison Square Garden and then they're back here in Indiana on Friday. I got a chance to have, you know, boots on the wood to watch the potential ass beating that became a fruition. The Pacers beat the Knicks by about 55 points. Now, Tiny Peters, Tiny Brothers, and the refs try to get the Knicks back into the circle. They're down 25. This game's getting boring. What are we going to do? Didn't matter. didn't matter because t.j mcconnell who is a certified dog a man who during timeouts okay he's walking down in front of the crowd are you not entertained he's walking down all the way the length of the court he's going bananas now there is a story potentially that jalen brunson on a podcast uh when he was asked if he could beat anybody up in the NBA, he said, somebody's name, and he said T.J. McConnell. Yes, he did. And I happened to be very close, you know, to the game. Very lucky. Tyrese Halliburton invited my wife and I, gave us tickets. Thank you, Ty. You're a dog. Shout out. Only had 20 points, whatever, rested the entire second half. series head, especially as they make their push for a championship. We got to sit next to his mom, his family. Whenever you're sitting that close, it was fantastic. Nice Mother's Day. Great Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day, Sam. Happy Mother's Day to everybody. Hope you had a great time. I got to hear the chatter. First of all, those dudes are hitting, daughter. There's a lot more contact than I think a lot of people are talking about whenever you judge the NBA defense. T.J. McConnell did ask a couple times, though, you beat me up, huh? And then there's a little little... He's from Pittsburgh. I think he's about six foot tall. Scrappy. There's no way anybody would say, yeah, NBA guy right there. That's an NBA guy. Nobody ever thought that. Nobody ever said that. He's a menace. He's a pest. He's the gas for our team. Halliburton is a star, obviously. Need Halliburton to play. He's going to have to play if the Pacers want to go. TJ McConnell, as soon as he gets on the court, though, there is a heightened atmosphere. We're checking people. We're okie-doking people. We're stealing. We're laying up. We're assisting. We're ooping. We're dunking. We're going bananas. I mean, it was a scene yesterday in Indiana. And I know that Madison Square Garden, I'm back. It's going to be absurd. But from what I've heard, you know, these Pacers would like to get a win in Madison Square Garden. The place that they have so much respect for. And then come back home on Friday and go ahead and end this series. And the New York Knicks are a phenomenal basketball team. Sure. Jalen Brunson's fun to watch. I mean, he is fun to watch. He was just in control, seemingly. And his shot is so pure. And sweet. Yeah. Sweet celebration. And DiVincenzo, Paisan, got a chance to chat with him. He's a problem. He is. If you stop those two, it feels like you're in a good spot. Because they like you're in a good spot because they don't really have any depth at all because of injuries. As it goes on, it feels like the Pacers have a little bit more depth because there was guys playing that I had never heard of before. These guys are standing right in front of me. I've never seen that human in my entire life. Actually, he's by... The average is like seven, eight points a game or whatever. It gassed out a little bit. Could be. Feels that way. And I want to let you know, the Pacers, they were able to rest for two quarters pretty much yesterday. And the battle is to the medal. And the Pacers are all the way back. Who are they going to be staring down? Well, probably Celtics, who had a big weekend, got a big-time win. Cavs in Cleveland, they play again this evening, but the playoffs have been remarkable. In the NHL, there's some drama. The clock's at the table here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. A nine-year NFL vet, big-brained human being, massive Florida Panther fan. Ladies and gentlemen, Darius J. Butler is here. Hey, baby, D-Butch. D-Butch, obviously the Panthers have taken a strong lead over the Boston Bruins in this particular series. Why do you think that's the case? And how does it feel being a lifelong Panthers fan like you are to get to reap the rewards of this team that is a bunch of dogs? A bunch of dogs. Scrappy. We've been dogs all year long. This is nothing new. You know, I know we're up 3-1. Probably could have been a sweep, honestly. I know we got our ass beat that first game, but I feel like the goals, the score wasn't quite indicative of the game. You can look at it every game. We were putting way more shots. You're looking at the score like, damn, is Swayman sucking tonight? No, he's got to save 50 goals being shot at him. 50 shots being shot at him. 50 shots at him. I know you're pissed off. I've seen that theme come out your ear all morning long. But this is what we've been doing. And we'll have a gentleman's sweep. We'll have a closeout game down at Sunrise. Bennett, a lot of people crying, bitching and moaning about this goal. You know, it's 50-50. It's just playoff hockey. A little shove in the back. I thought it was NHL hockey. This is what we do. But Bennett, the menace, has been r I've been enjoying this series, enjoying this game. Congrats to the Panthers. In the airport. Love to see it. Congrats to the Panthers. And obviously, D-Bone, lifelong fan of the hockey. Lifelong. Lifelong fan of the hockey. He's been to games with his family. I want to say lifelong. We've only been around since 93. Haven't won a Stanley Cup yet. Okay. Been the one. Maybe we get over the hump year. We've got some new Bruins fans in here too, but shout out to Connor. We've been going back and forth, but we've got some other ones. You were talking about playoff hockey and you brought up the name Bennett. Boy, he's been a topic of conversation. Takes out the captain with a hang. A rabbit punch with a stick. And then all of a sudden he's part of a cross-check goal. Bennett is seemingly turned to tide completely. This is an angle of a play that happened in Game 3 that we didn't see until two days later whenever there was no punishment or anything. Clear punch to the head of Marchand with the stick. Does he get him with the butt of the stick? Who knows? That is just right to the jaw. Marchand, captain of Boston. A man who is certainly a pest in his own right and loves to play physical brand of hockey gets punched right in the mouth with a stick. We don't see this angle for two days. I believe it was found in a virtual reality filming set. If I listen to the person that found it right, they were doing a voiceover for a virtual reality thing, saw that angle, were like, wait a second, we should be seeing this angle. This is a real shot of this. Then he's involved in a cross-check that isn't called a cross-check into a goal that obviously ties it up. Then they go on to win. It's like, what's going on right now in this particular series? Florida Panthers fans are loving it. This is playoff hockey. We're a grimy group. You won't play hockey or not. And Bruins fans are saying, well, they're not letting us. Patty Maroon isn't not calling anything in their way if that was against the Bruins. Marchand suspended for three games, probably. You guys feel like you're getting the short end of the stick here. The Bruins got to figure it out. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think the best part about playoff hockey is the stuff that they're not letting the Bruins do, but letting the Panthers do, which is interesting. I mean, the big rig goes in, gives Kachuk a little how you doing. They gave immediately. That's interesting. This is Jim Montgomery Monty right after the Bennett goal. Just asking what's going on here? I think he might have had some other words as well. As far as Sam Bennett goes, and you know what, DeeBlood, since you chimed in, I'll go to you first, actually. My family has been in Massachusetts for over 100 years, brother. When we talk about bloodlines, mine goes back to before the Bruins were even a team. Okay? So I get that you just learned what C on a hockey jersey means last year. Yeah, last year you learned that. You learned what the A meant. You learned what the C meant. It's awesome to have bandwagon fans talk shit to you because nothing gets me fired up more. But when we're talking about fandom, just shut the hell up. For one. For two, Sam Bennett. Sam Bennett, I bet he's got a foundation and a charity. He's a piece of shit human being. Bottom line. I don't care about what he does off the ice because all I see is what he does on the ice and he's a piece of shit. And then Biz asks him after the game, basically tries to bail him out. Sam Bennett has his explanation because Biz asked him. Biz has to circle back, hey, what you meant was, and explain it in a way that doesn't make him seem like a piece of shit. He is, and unfortunately, that is hockey. You need those guys on the team. As a Bruins fan, you've seen Marshan do do that for years I would love for Sam Bennett to be a Boston Bruin because the way he plays playoff hockey is how it's supposed to be played but for some reason the NHL is only letting one team play that way and they're not letting the Bruins play that way now Marchand not playing through down 3-1 the only way to make up for what happened last year when when we raised this pasta jersey in memory of the best regular season in the history of the NHL after losing to the Panthers 4-3. Who? The Florida Panthers. If there are hockey gods, if there are hockey gods, if there is an inkling that the Boston Bruins are a Stanley Cup champion team, they would come back from down 3-1 with a heroic return from Brad Marchand and they would win 4-3 and then the rest would be history and Swayman would continue to stand on his head. We'll see what happens. Obviously, we saw the Sam Bennett play. He's a piece of shit. Brad Marchand is not playing. Who knows if he'll be playing tomorrow night. I don't know why this guy's still playing. They definitely had this angle immediately after the game. I like the cool little virtual excuse. I think I heard old buddy explaining it on TV. Yeah, no, I bet he said that. The analyst was the one, I think, that found this clip and was like, wait a minute. From my understanding of what he said. For sure. No, no, no. I know. And I didn't even hear that. But, I mean, that's kind of on the ice because that's where they're working all the virtual reality stuff yeah but it is right in the middle of the ice there it seems like it could be a definitely a hard camp yeah but again that is that is just the situation that the nhl has decided to give to themselves um it is i don't know if the nhl is saying what I'm saying. This is just a person I was talking to. That you were listening to. Yeah, literally the clip that I saw. I have no idea how that clip wasn't seen for 48 hours. But it is like the clearest thing. Oh, what's that? That's the thing. It was seen 48 hours ago. But the NHL doesn't want to have two full days of us debating about whether or not Sam Bennett, who's a piece I mean, I guess that's great strategy, almost circa Friday news dump, if you will. But at the same time, whether you see it two days later, whether you see it immediately after the game, it's pretty clear. There's no question about it. It sucks as a fan of a team to feel like you're kind of getting screwed over and over, and this continues to go on and on and on and on. But again, just being a Bruins fan, being from Boston, it's always been Boston versus everybody. So we'll see what happens. I think we got the horses in the stable to go on and do it. But, you know, we'll see. Hopefully, Marshawn can be back next game. I believe the overall records for teams in the NHL in the playoffs without their captain is 0 in 200,000. So I'm not sure how it'll yeah it's bad i think it's 25 straight losses or something three one oh oh yeah for the series now i'm just saying overarching in the nhl if you don't have your captain playing on your team in the playoffs you're screwed but yeah the bruins even more i mean there's more stats are just coming out against the bruins yeah down three one they are 0-25 all time in a series. I believe, were the Panthers the fourth team to come back? I mean, I don't think down 3-1 is a very good spot to be in, no matter what, let alone the Bruins. Oh, yeah, just stats are just saying a lot of bad things. But what are stats anyways? Those are things that happened in the past. They won't change the future, but they can Vancouver Coovers are up 2-1 in the series over the Oilers. What's going on in that one, Gumpy? I hear a lot of complaining by a lot of people. King Slovis stood on his head last night. Oilers were all over him. Dry Subtle and McJesus are playing. It feels like every other shift right now. Love that. And then McJesus actually got taken out at the end of the game last night, and no one on his team did a damn thing. That was the conversation. Kind of remind me of Crosby with the Penguins. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Coovers. Yeah, he got bopped pretty good. Like, if you're not out there, if you're not on that Oilers team, protecting McDavid after that. McDavid did slash the guy before that that started it all. Nobody's really showing that part, but either way, that will be a suspension coming. Okay, so McJesus knew there was something coming if you slashed the shit out of somebody and then eyeball him, even if you're the most talented player on the ice, no matter where you are, you know there's a chance coming. I mean, that's a low break. Trying to break his spine. That's the difference between hockey and these other sports. Like, that's the guy on the ice. ice both teams there yeah is it and you're like oh is that right huh stick to the mouth and then one to your spine same exact time they'll home be quick even in 2024 yeah which is why we enjoy the shit out of hockey but also like that's wild that mcjesus is going to skate up yep go ahead we're gonna play the next game let's go ahead and just keep it moving he going to move 30 miles an hour on the ice somehow after taking these shots. And we'll find out after the series or whenever they're done in the end. Yeah, he actually did suffer a broken jaw. Now, you remember when he got the stick right to his mouth? T1, T2 as well. Broke his jaw. Yeah, his sprained spine. That's hockey. Now, let's get to the NBA. Joining us now is an absolute legend. A man who was in our Thunderdome one glorious time, and hopefully in the future it'll happen more often. Ladies and gentlemen, champion, Kendrick Perkins. What's going on? I saw you last week say that you could name five people in the NBA that could go to the NFL, so you Austin Rivers was right saying 30 people could. Is that what I heard out of you, Perk? Is that what I heard? Pat, look, big bro, this is what I got a problem with. Why y'all starting shit? That wasn't me. I didn't want to get into this conversation. I didn't want to have to do this. I mean, damn. It wasn't me. It was Austin He goes, before I get out, Austin Rivers will be joining us in the next hour, by the way. He's had them. His mentions have been. Burke, Austin Rivers' mentions have been pretty toxic. I'm excited to catch up with him. But he's the one that brought it up, caused great fodder. I think what we all realized, there's great athletes out here. There's great athletes out here. And none of us are as tough as the hockey players, but I enjoyed the fodder. Let's talk about the NBA playoffs, shall we, Perk? I was at the game. I was at the game when the Pacers just curb stomped the New York Knicks. There's a chance that these New York Knicks are gassed, you think? Not as... Yeah, they gave me a microphone. Always a good time. Swore. Then they cut to a kid. I mean, it's a whole situation, a whole and hopefully they will not give me a mic again. But it was hard not to get excited in there because what this Pacers team was just, they were pummeling this Knicks team, just pummeling them. From the beginning, they were up like 25, and then they carried a 35, 40-point lead through its entirety. Is getting back to Madison Square Garden going to do it for the Knicks, or are they potentially done here because of exhaustion, Perk? I have this series going seven games i will give a lot of credit i will give a lot of credit to the indiana paces uh to tyler uh to tyrese halliburton he stepped his game up uh the tj has been phenomenal rick carlisle is coaching his ass off right now okay i will say that but this series is going seven. Look, the New York Knicks went down there to get game three. They knew they didn't have a snowball chance in hell to get game four, especially with a limited bench. And then coming in on the afternoon game, when you have a team that's deep like the Indiana Pacers, the youth kicked in. The athleticism kicked in. But it's going to be rocking in Madison Square Garden tomorrow night. Matter of fact, I think I'm going down there. You know what I mean? Oh, okay. Yeah, I got an invite to go sit courtside with my guy Tracy Morgan. I might be sitting next to Ben Stiller. You know what I'm saying? They said they're putting Big Perk on the celebrity, bro. Whoa! Damn it. Yeah, damn it. I feel like Big Body Bronson got to give me what I'm looking for, and I feel like he will. He was cool to watch. Just, like, always seemingly in control, real casual, locked in. Like, right before the ball tipped off, there was, like like this moment of like deep breath from him as he was staring literally two feet away from me. And it was like watching him like flip the switch. It was like, all right, here we go. And obviously the Pacers controlled it, but DiVincenzo can get going as well. I mean, that great fade. Hey, he's got one of the best Caucasian fades. No doubt. I have seen. It's really nice. It is really nice. It is really nice. So you think it's going to seven? So that means in Madison Square Garden you got the Knicks then whenever the Pacers come back home. Pacers or do you think they steal one from each other? No, I think it's, I think Knicks winning Madison Square Garden. I think the Pacers winning the field house and then it's going to a seven game series. I think it's going to a seven-game series. I think it's going to game seven. Hey, you're going to have those puppies on the wood tonight, huh? Or tomorrow night? You're going to have the wood? Hey, you better be taking pictures, Perk. You need selfies? You need the whole thing? All right, let's go to another series that looked like it was going to run in a direction that none of us would have expected. And I think after the first game, my dumb ass who doesn't know a lot about basketball i said feels like malone and joker and murray and the boys will figure out this timberwolves team and then they're going to be okay then timberwolves came in and beat their ass again it was like wait a minute this might be a whole different conversation now it's two two have joker malone and the boys figured out the wolves or what do you think the rest of this series looks like? Well, I think they just tapped into their greatness, right? When we talk about the best starting five in basketball, that is the Denver Nuggets. When we talk about the best player in basketball, that is Nikola Jokic. Now, when you talk about the best defense in basketball, that's the Minnesota Timberwolves. Before this series started, I picked the Timberwolves to win in seven. I believe in Anthony Edwards that much. I feel like he has an old soul. I feel like he's been here before. I feel like Carl Anthony Towns is going to be the key to this series. When Carl Anthony Towns, the X Factor, when he's balling, the Timberwolves are damn near unbeatable. One could say they could win the NBA championship. When he's not balling and he's struggling, we see what happens. But I must say, this is what we've been looking for, right? This is what we've been looking for, right? The defending champs going on the road. They down. Michael Malone got a show film of the media calling them out or saying that they'll cook the two-minute inning, and all of a sudden they turn it up a notch. Jamal Murray, he started playing with a different level of energy. Jokic, he started being better defensively. Aaron Gordon, Aaron Gordon, the X-Factor in game four, 100% from the three-point line, 27 points, seven assists, six rebounds, dominated, dominated in great fashion. So I think the Minnesota Timberwolves are going to respond in game six. I don't see them winning game five, but this is another series that's going seven games. Okay, that's great news for the NBA as a whole if that was to take place. Two seven-game series in one round is obviously beautiful for ratings, for sports fans, and for everything. You talk about the Timberwolves' defense. How about the defensive player of the year? D-Bot's got a question for you. Yeah, defensive player of the year. I saw one of the tweets you shot out, and obviously we saw the game Rudy missed when he had his child Kyle Anderson started. They did great, beat the shit out of the Nuggets. What do you think the adjustments be going forward with Rudy Garbore on that defensive end? And would you adjust and take him out against Lemon, his minutes in the series? I mean, damn. I mean, he is the four-time defensive player of the year. He's the only player that on a consistent basis and I said this last night, that is the defensive player of the year in the regular season and becomes a defensive liability in the postseason. Now look, I'm not asking him to go out there and shut Jokic down. No one can shut him down. He's the best player in the world. But it's a certain thing of actually trying to slow him down. How can you do that if you're a post defender? The one thing I can teach you because I was, you know, praised by the late great Kobe Bryant as being one of the best post defenders or the best post defender when we were playing. Kobe said it out of his mouth. Talk your shit, Perk. Talk your shit, Perk. I'm just saying you got to fucking fight, man. And it got to be contact. It got to be denials. It got to be the physicality. I'm i'm gonna take the hit one hand on the back i'm gonna take the hit with my chest a hard contest a couple times i need a block uh yoke and shot talk you know it's like the the the tenacity needs to be there like you gotta want to stop somebody right now to me i feel like if rudy go into this matchup of being the instigator and not the retaliator he will have more success against yokich right now he's going and saying i'm trying to play without following like ruffles some feathers ruffles some feathers like pick it to pick it to the point where you make yokichic get out of character. He want to punch you, right? You're being net petty. Like this is the playoffs. There's no friends. Felt like TJ McConnell played like that yesterday. He's like, oh, this guy's trying to get people to fight him. Yeah, he's trying to get people to fight him right now, which I love. And I think he would enjoy if there was to be a scrap. Pittsburgh guy, respect. But respect but whenever you talk about joker and like getting after him feels like he's always like this i know he's seen his brothers beat the hell out of some people and we did see a big shot to the back i guess he does showcase some emotion every once in a while and you're you're asking for rudy to potentially tap in and try to find it well well what i'm saying is look yokich is the best for us being even kill but he's always killer he's even killed but he's a killer. He's even killed, but he's a killer, right? He want to take your head off when y'all get between those lines. My whole thing is if you're watching the film and you're watching the tape, Nas Reed does a better job of actually battling Jokic than Rudy does, and that's a problem that I have. I mean, the adjustment at times is to even try to put Rudy on Aaron Gordon so he could be the help side defender when Jokic does catch it in the paint. That didn't work. So at the end of the day, it's almost to the point where if Rudy doesn't elevate his game, what's the point of having him out there? It's not like he's going to be an offensive threat on the offensive side of things. He's not finishing well at the basket he's missing his free throws right now game two when he didn't play they put on a defensive clinic and i know it's hard to sit a defensive player to yard ask him to come off the bench because you never know how he's going to take it or you may lose him for the rest of the series or even the playoffs, but damn it, you're in the trenches. And I feel like whoever wins this series, which I did pick Minnesota to win this series. Oh, no, Burke. Is going to win the NBA championship. I feel like this is the NBA finals right here. Whoever wins this series is going to win the NBA Championship. I solely believe that. Okay, well, let's talk about the team that is favored at ESPN Bet to win the NBA Championship. The Celtics. Connor, they were almost dead, Connor, the other day. You lose in the garden to the Cavs, but all of a sudden, we're back. Yeah, the Celtics just don't like playing game two, which I can respect. But, Perk, when you're looking at Boston, and I understand what you said, and I respectfully completely disagree because the Boston Celtics obviously are the best team in the NBA. But with that being said, do you believe that because of the fact that Porzingis is hurt, that that just kind of changes the dynamic of who the Boston Celtics are and do you think that there's a chance that the fodder around Tatum is the way that it is because there are so many guys on the Celtics that need to get involved in the game that he's not doing what Ant is doing and all those other things because they have so many other contributors on the offensive side of the ball? No, no. Conor, look. In my soul, I would love, right, in my heart, for the Celtics to hang banner 18, right? I don't believe you. But let's be real here, okay? During the week of conference, the East is whack, okay? Let's make no mistake about it. Is that the Celtics' fault? Pacers aren't whack. Is that the Celtics' fault? Pacers aren't whacked. Is that the Celtics' fault? Pacers aren't whacked. I'm just saying, but hear me out. My thing is, when you come into the playoffs, and this is why I'm so hard on Jason Tatum and the Boston Celtics, because all year long I've been hearing that they don't care about MVPs, they don't care about the accolades. The only thing that matters is the moment that they're in right now. Okay, if this moment matters and you know that you're a heavy favorite going against the Miami Heat or the Cleveland Cavaliers, damn it, pull the brooms out. Make statements. Show the world. Do what Minnesota did to Phoenix. Okay, Phoenix, y'all disgruntled. Y'all don't want to be here. We done took y'all soul after game two. We're going to finish y'all off. That's what I expect out of the Boston Celtics. Send a statement. Get some rest. Jason Tatum, we know that this is your moment. You've said it plenty, plenty time and time again. You said, I can't wait to the playoffs. I feel like I'm going to be the best player on the floor. Damn it. Do it, man. Do it. It shouldn't take where a guy like myself is calling you out and saying, Hey, Tatum, we want more. We screaming Tyrese Maxson. We screaming Jay LeBron. We screaming Anthony Edwards. Can we scream your name? And what did he do in game three? We're not there and dominated in great fashion in great fashion all across the board and they won in great fashion that's all i'm asking that's all that's all we want that's all we want we want we want tatum to be a guy that's being talked about as the next face of the league yeah but he does what you want and then now you're saying you know there's no way they in hell they won the NBA championship. I just don't understand what you mean. I didn't say it was no way in hell, Connor, just because I didn't pick them to win the NBA championship. I didn't say they was going to get swept or they was going to lose it at five. I think if they match up with the Timberwolves or the Nuggets, there will be a seven-game series. I just feel like I would have more faith in a Jokic than I would in a Jokic and Murray than I would in a Tatum and Brown. I actually have more faith in an Anthony Edwards. Oh, Anthony. That's acid eye. Anthony Edwards and Carl Anthony Tons and Rudy Gobert. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Ant-Man is the inspiration to everybody. I'm just saying, Ant-Man is the inspiration to everybody. If he say something, I believe him. I trust him with all of me. Has it always been that way, or this is the year? This is when we've decided that if Ant-Man's saying it, we all believe it. Is now the time, or has it been like this? It hasn't been like this. I knew he had the potential of actually being the face of the league and in the conversation. But what he did to Phoenix, right? Okay, what he did to his GOAT and Kevin Durant, what he did to two guys that play his position, and Bradley Bill and Devin Booker, and then to follow up and say, you know what? Oh, we're going against Jokic and the champs. We're going to come out what oh we're going against jokic and the champs we're gonna come out swinging we're gonna punch him in the mouth we're gonna hit him with an uppercut we're gonna jab him in the first game take game one and then we're gonna come with a body to uppercut we go we go drop him now they still got opportunity to fight back because we ain't knocked them out yet we got it's the first of four but now it's the even series, and guess what? Anthony Elwood said, I enjoy this. I love competition. I'm looking forward to game five. Hey, guess what too, Perk? If they don't win this series, no one gives a shit about what he did against the Suns. Just so we're on the same page. Just so we're on the same page. I am juiced up, Perk. I'm juiced up, Perk. I'm revved up, brother. Perk, you should see it. Revved up. You should see it. Darius has a Florida Panthers jersey on, which is a hockey team, Perk. That is a hockey team in the NHL playoffs right now that's beating the Bruins' ass. So he's all pissed off at D-Butt. I mean, like, real heat in here. And then you go, anybody that wins the Nuggets and the Timberwolves, they're guaranteed to win the championship. And then they put the odds up. Celtics are the odds. Minus 135 to win the title. You got to work it up, Perk. Hey, that's good heat. There's a couple other teams' fan bases that I assume are listening to this conversation going, what the hell's going on here? Go ahead, Ty. Yeah, Perk, the other series that seemingly no one is talking about really and have kind of just thrown away okc and dallas i think we we've kind of seen oklahoma city maybe mature and grow up a little bit obviously sga has been unbelievable and even though dallas's defense is kind of hammered dog shit they've looked pretty good so far um how do you see the rest of that series going like is it one of those things where if luca has an unbelievable game and kairi kind of does what he does like is there any way that okc can can kind of combat that and win that series and you give either one of those teams any shot at beating either minnesota or uh denver look i think dallas is going to win this series. I picked them to win this series. I also think that Kyrie Irving has been the best player in this series on both ends of the floor. His championship leadership has been outstanding and a beautiful thing to watch, right? P.J. Washington, we're watching a guy, a 3 and D guy, embrace the damn moment, right? Come from a trash organization, and no disrespect to the Charlotte Hornets, but that's what they've been over the last few years, to coming in and embracing that opportunity and doing it in great fashion. We're watching Daniel Gafford embrace the road from coming from playing with the Washington Wizards to having new life, being one of the best live threat and rim protect guys in the league. So at the end of the day, look, Luka still haven't played a Luka Doncic type game yet. And he's still going out there and getting a 30 ball on you. And he's putting forth the effort not get it, he's banged up. But this right here, this man right here, he's been dangerous. And, look, they're going to go to the Western Conference Finals. I believe that. And I think if they match up with the Nuggets or the Timberwolves, which I think is going to be the Timberwolves, either one of those teams is going to be another seven-game series. Do not underestimate Jason Kidd. I'm telling you. So we got two seven-game series happening right now. East is going to be seven-game series. Celtics will win in five. No, seven. But Pacers-Knicks will go seven. Yeah, same with when the Pacers take on the Celtics. Well, okay, we'll see. That's going to seven games. I mean, it'll slow down, so we'll see. And guess what? Which way that's heading? What's that, brother? The Hicks are moving on to the finals. Okay, that's how that whole thing's going. But it sounds like you feel like we got the teams seven game uh series seven game series seven game series you feel like the rest of these playoffs we got the right teams in here right now yeah we got the right teams and out with the old and with the new like thank you we we we're finally coming to a place where we're moving on from lebron james we're moving on from kevin durant we're moving on from steph curry now we can embrace the new. Now we can sit and watch Luka. We can sit and watch SGA. We can watch Tatum. We can watch Anthony Edwards. And let's you know, we have to remind ourselves. Oh, Tyrese Halliburton. Right. Tyrese Halliburton. My apologies. And also John Moran is going to be back next year. Get these old ass, you know, out of here men. It's in with the new. What were you? Oh, that. I don't think I. Guys. I don't think I. I was going to say MFs, but I didn't want to, you know, keep the streak going. Oh, okay. But you already. I mean, you already got two. Yeah. I mean, you already got two. You actually snuck two in. You did. Like, real quick, you might have snuck one past the goalie. Yep. To be honest. Hey, Perk, great chat with you, man. You're continuing to crush it. We appreciate you on our televisions and for joining us. I appreciate y'all. And, Connor, look, appreciate y'all, my brothers. But, Connor, fix your favorites to win the title. So yes, when someone says that we're not going to win as the favorites with my emotions out of it, it sounds a little stupid. You sound like a hater, Perk. But everybody's a hater. Remember the Boston folks. They got those chips on their shoulders. Always have. That's why it's a revolution region ladies and gentlemen that's a good point yeah you're welcome for the country by the way okay all right well there's people that i uh i've been seeing them walk out of graduation they're not happy with what you guys they're not happy with the way hey you're with us too on pittsburgh isn't they're involved yeah you're damn right. Damn right, yeah. Don't even tell the story about the Irish. Amen. Here's a gun. Yeah, go South. Good luck. Need to win. You win, you come back. You're good. You win, you're in. You win, you're good. You're in. That's a beautiful thing Great. And we're watching the NHL. The NHL is in a great spot. It feels like sports are in a great spot. You want to know something else that is amazing? Officially announced Thursday, September 5th, Ravens-Chiefs kick off the NFL season. 115 days. Boom. 115 days. Boom. It was announced officially this morning via Adam Schefter's Twitter account. NFL's Thursday, September 5th, 2024. Regular season opener is now set. 5th, 2024. Regular season opener is now set. Ravens at Chiefs. Lamar Jackson and the boys head to Kansas City on banner night. Another one. And Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelsey, who was at Paris, is Taylor Swift. Yes, he looked cool. Yeah, Karma is the guy on the Chiefs from right back home to me. He's dancing out there. Vibing out. Have a good time. I mean, I assume he's incredibly uncomfortable being in this particular moment. I assume there's a situation where he's heading somewhere. Because he was in a suite. Yep. And then he hasn't had one moment. This is probably a moment in between moments. I want to let him know. Hey, don't let him create traffic. Don't let him create traffic. Hey, don't let him create. cool moment whenever he's listening to her sing about their relationship. Shout out his friends, his dad, him, everything they do. She says they're smoking and laughing because of jokes. Remember, that's what she says in that song. We get Travis back down to earth and over to training camp in time. Feels like that Chiefs team is ready to do something that no other NFL team has ever done before, and that's win three straight Lombardis. It starts with the Ravens on opening night. I think, A, electrifying game. Cannot wait to talk shit about it for the next 115 days until it kicks off. But also, a great little test for both these teams to see where they're at early, D-Bud. Cannot wait. Obviously, the Ravens, this is where their season ended against this team. Reigning MVP with Lamar Jackson in it. Lamar Jackson, Patrick Mahomes will start the season off. Doesn't get any better than that. I can't wait to see this one. Yeah, I'm pumped about it. Yes. You know, will Rasheed Rice make it? No. Get out of Dallas. Probably not. He will not be playing that game. Oh, yeah, definitely. in society. I hope. I want him to be. We would all like him to be a free man. Hey Rasheed, get your ass to Kansas City. You think he's there yet? You think he's hated that? Just get a house, walk the doors, you're in Kansas. Congratulations. You are now under arrest in Kansas City, Missouri. You play football, you go home to your big ass house, then you go play football again. Then you go home to your big-ass house, then you go play football again. Then you go home to your big-ass house, and then you go play football again. Let's save a career. Let's save a life. Come on, Rasheed. Yeah. Come on, Rasheed. For another 12 years. 12 years. 10, 12 years. Everything you want to do right now, 10, 12 years from now will be great. It'll all be even better. friend of the program. Cover of NHL for ESPN. A man who's won six Stanley Cups. Ladies and gentlemen, the Moose, Mark Messier. Yeah, Moose! Good to see you, everybody. Great to be on with you. Hey, I love the hoodie, dude. I would have one, too, you know, if I could. I work for PK because if he keeps working real hard, he makes a comeback, he might be able to get one of these one day. Okay. I appreciate that. I saw you guys chasing him around the studio with that, and you said he might come back as a strength coach, and you never know if he ends up winning one or whatever? He wouldn't touch a Stanley Cup. I go, PK, you're not a player anymore. It's okay. The superstitions are over, buddy. Go and I go, PK, you're not a player anymore. It's okay. The superstitions are over, buddy. Go ahead and touch a cup and enjoy it now that you're retired. But he wouldn't do it, so I was trying to force him to. If it means anything, my friend who played ball hockey is a world champion ball hockey player. Never played the NHL. I don't even know if he can skate. When the Stanley Cup came to the Thunderdome, he wouldn't touch it. Just because old school hockey lore, I guess, is you don't deserve to touch it unless you want it. I like to think that if you're not a player and you don't play in the NHL and you touch it, it's going to bring you good luck there. So all the fans that have had the opportunity to touch it over the years that I experienced some partying with it, perhaps they're going to get good luck. I'll tell you what. I've chugged beers out of that thing a few times. That's right. I feel like we've gotten very lucky. Yeah. Mickey Skates touched the damn cup the next time it comes in here. Make out with that thing. Suck face with that thing. What? That's what you need to do. I wanted to lift it. They wouldn't let me. Okay. I touched it last year in Vegas You tell me. Yeah, I don't know. Let's talk about these playoffs. And the conversation about, like, hey, old-style hockey is happening again. You know? We've got fights. We've got toughness. Obviously, the Bennett situation is one that's going to get very, very loud, especially with him going on to cross-check and tie up the game and then win. And us not seeing this angle for, like, 48 hours. And Bruins fans thinking that, well, the NHL's not letting the Bruins play like this, but obviously they're loving the Bennetts playing like this. What are your thoughts on the whole controversy conversation happening around the Bruins-Panthers series about the Bruins fans feeling like they're getting screwed out of not being able to be a tough team? And on the other side, you've got old-school hockey shit happening all over the ice. Do you agree with this? Do you hate this? What are your thoughts on it, Moose? Well, I think when you talk about playoff hockey, it's not for the faint of heart. It's going to expose everything that's good about the game. It's going to expose some things that are tough about the game. It's going to expose your character and everything else. In my opinion, the Bennett play, from my perspective, was just a hard hockey play. There's a lot of things that are happening at a very short amount of time. The collisions, there's equipment, elbow pads are hard, gloves are hard. I don't think Bennett personally did it on purpose. I thought it was an unfortunate incident that Marchand took the brunt of it and put him out of the game. uh i think bennett is uh one of the most underrated players on the panthers uh you think about two years or last two years ago when he was injured the panthers barely made the playoffs he came back they went on the run and went all the way to the stanley cup finals um i i believe that um that uh you know the blossom right now they're in tough against a really hard-nosed Panthers team that make it very difficult on the other team's best players. And I think over a seven-game series, we said it before, you're going to get some good calls, you're going to get some bad calls, but over the seven-game series, a better, bigger, stronger team, a hungrier team normally wins. Okay, Moose, what do you think about the treatment of Patty Maroon? You know, a couple games now, he's been ejected before the fights get started. He got a 10-minute major in the third at the end of that 6-1 game just for snagging up to Chuck, I believe, and then last night he got one for talking before anything even happened, and it feels like Bruins fans are like, wait a minute, if we're going to be playing our guy, that's our guy, and they're kind of penalizing. Do you see it the same way, or do you think that's just refs trying to kind of handle a situation before it gets out of control? Well, I think the referees do have a big responsibility to make sure things don't get out of control, and I also think they have to let the players settle some of this on their own as well. I think Kachuk and Pasternak did the right thing. Kachuk challenged Pasternak. Pasternak answered the challenge. Two guys going at it. That was part of the game, part of hockey, in my opinion. And I've got to give all the credit in the world to Pasternak for saying to the coach, he's challenged me, I've got to go do this. And I think what happens is that it can galvanize the team around him and his own teammates to push them to his own teammates further on but as far as Maruna goes you know I think the biggest thing for teams when they get to this situation right now is to make sure that their focus is on trying to win the hockey game first and foremost and how you do that is going to be up to the team I think think the the uh the bruins have to respond in a way that uh is in from a physical perspective for sure but also they gotta can't forget that they gotta try to win the hockey game now they're down three one in the series and and uh they're they're in tough uh you know they swayman has played unbelievable this playoffs but now they're getting uh matched up with brobroski and the goal on the other side. And we're going to see what happens. But as far as the referees, Maroon and all that, Maroon's been around a long time. He knows how to get himself involved. He knows how to put his fingerprints onto the game. And perhaps maybe a little bit too premature of getting him kicked out of the game. But they're probably trying to do that towards the end of the game so nothing crazy happens when it's not needed. I'm excited to see what Big Rick does in response. He knows all eyes are on him. I know he knows. He's going to have to figure it out. He's not allowed to, so it doesn't matter. He's going to have to figure it out. Now, you talk about Swayman standing on his head. It's like, how many shots was it? It was 41 shots to their 18 last night. 18 shots, boss. So you're talking about, yeah, physically they need to figure out how to win, but also hockey, 18 shots, three periods. That's not nobody ever going to win with that amount of shots on that. Well, they're getting beat. They're getting beat all over in every aspect of the game right now. And I don't think it's surprising to anybody going into the series that Boston was going to have a hard time with Florida. Florida is a team that was anxious to get back to this time of year because of what happened last year. And I think they were very disappointed because they had injuries to Kachuk in the finals last year that really hampered their ability to play at full steam ahead. So here they are again, looking better and bigger and better than ever. You know, hungrier than ever and more experienced than ever. When you get to the Stanley Cup finals, you learn a lot about yourself. You learn a lot about your team. And you look at the Panthers right now, they're playing as well as anybody in the playoffs right I mean just dancing through the brooms just dancing through it's incredible now let's they're up 3-1 in the series massive Florida Panther fan Darius Butler has a question for you Moose sir Moose asking a six-time champ what is the mindset for Paul Maurice and his Panthers team at home in a closeout game against these Bruins? What's the mindset going into this one? Well, you know, you think about the team that's up 3-1, you'd think the team that's losing would have the most pressure. But in my opinion, some of the most intense pressure that I faced in a seven-game series was being up 3-1 going home for game five. You're supposed to win that series. And, you know, I think the Panthers got to go home now and treat this like a sudden death game seven game. I think that oftentimes you can kind of get ahead of yourself. You can kind of start thinking into the future about what's happening and who you're going to face next. The most important thing for the Panthers, in my opinion anyways, is to go home and treat this like a sudden death game, like a sudden seventh game series, game in the series, and treat it like that. You know, and it's not easy. You know, you've got a lot of distractions. Everybody's excited. But you lose this game, now you go back on the road to try to win the sixth game. It happened to us in 94 when we were up 3-1 thing. We had the parade route all mapped out, and all the fans were excited. We had the party planned up, and sure enough, we lost that game five. We got trounced in game six and had to come home and win in game seven. So in my opinion, this game five, there's a lot of pressure on the home team. Boston had to do that against Toronto in the first series. Now let's talk about Boston's side of it go ahead Connor yeah Moose obviously you know any team that's not playing with their captains a massive deal and you would know that better than anybody without Brad Marchand in the Bruins who kind of has to step into that role who becomes that guy for him or is that even possible for someone to kind of become what Brad Marchand means to the Bruins and how bad do you think it is his injury if he's actually not playing because he is known as one of the most durable guys especially in the playoffs I believe you know yesterday was one of if not his first game missed in the playoffs yeah I think it's got to be done by committee you took a look at a guy like Brad Marchand you know probably a certain Hall of Fame, or a guy that's talented enough to play in Team Canada. Any player that makes Team Canada is at the elite level of our sport. Yeah, and Team USA, Boos. We don't need to get into this. We don't need to get into this. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Or Team USA. Okay, Canada orada team usa they're all great players you think about demar shan as being the inspirational leader of the team as on top of being a hall of fame hockey player so you're not going to replace him with any one player i think you're going to have to replace him with by committee but most important i think the players if he isn't able to play in game five the players uh can really kind of show how much they honor him how much they love him by rallying around each other and putting your best foot forward uh you know he's meant a lot to that bruin team as a captain uh um captain. He's done a lot of great things on and off the ice. The support that he's... and what he's learned from the previous captains with Bergeon and Chara. What a hockey player. He's matured. He's a gamer. Every team in the league would love to have him on their team. Unfortunately, he's got banged up, but we'll keep our fingers crossed that he can get back in the game and play in game five. Moose, I don't want to do like the stereotypical sports media question, but it's like kind of sitting here and we're talking about it. You know, you're known as the captain. What does that mean whenever somebody says like captain of a team? What do you think that C on the sweater really means? Why does somebody get it and somebody else doesn't? And the person that's having it, what does it mean to them? Well, that's a great question. I don't know how much time we have on the show. Nine minutes! You got nine minutes! I think you can sneak it in, Moose. But it's a big deal. And you're called, like, the cap. Like, that is what people call you and i assume you take that as a massive honor because when we say it we mean it as a massive honor but in hockey that c it does feel like a little bit different than some other sports well i think in in hockey and i i know for all team sports you're relying on all the people around you all the players around you uh the ecosystem around you in order to be to be a winner i mean I know a lot of players that played in the National Hockey League that never won a Stanley Cup, and I would consider winners. Unfortunately, they weren't able to win a Stanley Cup. I think the captain has a massive responsibility in hockey because the team aspect of hockey might be more important than perhaps any other sport. You know, your best player on a 60-minute game maybe plays 25, 27 minutes a night, not, you know, 90% of the game, maybe not even 50% of the game. And more important than that, the trust factor, the relationships that you have to establish with your teammates. It's just so involved. That's why I'm so reluctant when I see teams make young players captains too early in their careers. It's just so evolved and so involved of what the responsibilities of a captain are in a team that's, you know, you're talking about livelihoods. You're talking about mistakes. You're talking about players that don't bring everything that they have to the game on any given night. And then when that happens and you don't win, people get fired, kids are moved, families are uprooted and moved. Trying to figure out a way to bring that galvanization to a team together is not easy. It takes a lot of time, it takes a lot of work and of course on the other side of it, then you have the media, is not easy. Uh, it takes a lot of time. It takes a lot of work. Um, and of course on the, on the other side of it, then you have the media, uh, how you did the, you have to be the spokesperson of the team. You have to set the messaging for the fan base. Um, it's just, uh, I'm trying to put this all into a, you know, it sounds like quite a task. Yeah. It sounds like quite a task. It sounds like quite a task. It's a massive task. And then on top of all that, you have to get yourself prepared to play the game to the best of your ability, all the while living 30 lives and making sure everybody else is ready to play the game to the best of their ability. So it's a big responsibility. The guys that do it well obviously are super valuable, not only to the team, obviously to their team, but to the whole organization because you're the conduit. Also, the captain is a conduit between the players and the management and the ownership. You have to have a unified voice. The culture that's created by through the captain and the management is important to a team. And you can see teams that are successful, they have incredible cultures. And a lot of that has to do with the captain helping out in that regard and making sure that everybody's responsible for their own actions on and off the ice. So in a long-winded way of saying that the captaincy in hockey is a tremendous amount of responsibility and pressure at times. Heavy is the sweater that wears the sea, it sounds like. I mean, what do you do? Everything, pretty much. And then if you stink, you know, everybody's looking at you. You have to be great, too. If you have that on, you can't stink as you have to be great too like if you have that on you can't stink you have to play great so it's a whole balance and marshand we talked to him you know because he's known you know for licking faces oh yeah and everything and he said whenever he got to see he did have to act a little bit yeah i had to change the way i acted a little bit because now it's not just about me it's about the whole locker room it's about the whole building it's about everything so still obviously a menace but he talked about the i don't want to say the burden but how the sea changed him as a human and as a player and as a leader and everything it's uh it truly is like a very cool part of hockey a little who gets an a who gets a c and which way are we headed hopefully to stanley uh now let's talk about another series that has taken place ty has a question for you yeah moose when it comes to vancouver and edmonton i think a lot of people with edmonton are saying hey these guys you know they're all sizzle and no steak we know they can score uh dry sidle and mcdavid have obviously been incredible but do they have the requisite you know sandpaper grit and jam that it's gonna take to win a stanley cup because we saw mcdavid after the game last night just get absolutely bodied no one from edmonton comes over and does anything and you're talking about you know protecting the the best player on on the ice obviously the best player in your organization i have a feeling if you were out there you know you're coming up and letting some elbows fly so what does edmontmonton need to do, A, in response to something like that? And also, what do they need to do as a whole to kind of turn this series around? Because it's starting to feel like with the goaltending as well that it might be getting away from them a little bit. Yeah, I think that's the greatest thing about playoff hockey is it will expose your strengths and it will also expose your weaknesses. And I think for Edmonton right now, this is probably one of the more balanced teams that they've had in a long time, so maybe even since the McDavid era. They've got a little more grit. They've got four lines that they can play with up and down the lineup. Their defense is better. And for them, I think it's always going to be in playoffs. All the teams that I played that were successful in the playoffs were able to keep the puck out of our own net. It became more, we became more conscious of playing defensive hockey. You can't outscore your mistakes in playoff hockey. Certainly when there's only eight teams left playing, every team is good right now, and they will take advantage of you if you're making mistakes. We see it all over the ice. Teams taking too many pound leads, power plays are so good. So for me, Edmonton at this point right now, they're up against a team that is a tremendous hockey team. They are big, they are strong, and more importantly, they are really skilled. And let's not forget, Vancouver is playing with maybe the third-string goaltender at this point right now. So that would be a lot different story, maybe, even if we're talking about Thatcher Demko as a healthy Thatcher Demko still in the net. So Vancouver, you've got to give them a lot of credit. Rick Tockett has done an amazing job for Vancouver this year, and they've got a tremendous hockey team there. And for Edmonton, who a lot of people, including myself, got them to the Stanley Cup Finals this year, they got their work cut out against them, against Vancouver. And we'll see what happens. And as far as the physical response in playoff hockey this is what happens at this time of year your best players will be confronted physically they will be confronted emotionally they will be tried to the teams will try to intimidate them and you have to have a response and whether that's going after their best players in the same way. But this is part of the game, and this is why it's so hard to win a Stanley Cup because you've got to go through four teams that are trying to take the will away from you each and every night. So Edmonton's got their work cut out for them. We'll see what happens. Hey, quick one-word answer here as we have a hard out that we're about to dance with. Rangers close it out tonight or no? I believe they do. There's no reason why they can't. They got to keep their eye on the ball. I would not be looking ahead. Like I said earlier, for a game five, I think this is the most pressurized game of the series at times. They've got to treat this like a game seven. And if they do that, they should be able to close the series out. You're the man. Six-time Stanley Cup champion. Now friend of the program. Can we say that? Always. Mark Messier. Yeah, move. That's a captain, Reg. That's a captain of the program. Legend. All right, our two will be on the other side we have incredible chitter chatter coming austin rivers you know just a few days uh removed from uh quite a statement sham sharoni and then jet passing aj hawk as well should be amazing on the other side of this three minute break be a friend tell a friend something nice it might change their life you know that it could take three without further ado ladies and gentlemen the commissioner of the nfl don't listen to them roger i appreciate you thank you so much for joining us you're our commissioner don't worry about these bombs from us to you we'd like to give you a gift that we know you're a big fan of. Ladies and gentlemen, some peanut M&Ms for our commission. This is why we're on set? Yep. You can take these with you. You can take them home. I got a gift for you. What? Oh. You ready? Yeah, I like that. With the 222nd pick in the 2009 NFL Draft. Oh, yeah. The Indianapolis Colts select Pat McAfee. Hunter, West Virginia. How you doing? Come on in here, baby. Good pick. Good pick. I'll pick him up. Thank you, Raj. I'm not going to pick you up because you got that back. That's all right. I got it. There's your card, baby. That's real. That's awesome. I've been keeping that for, what is it, 15 years? You back pocket this whole time. This is cool. Thank you for this. So whenever we say that you have to answer to 31 billionaires, how accurate is that? Well, you're not counting Green Bay? Yeah. Okay. Doesn't count. Big pop. There's a Green Bay package. I didn't know you did. Yeah, no, no, that was... I don't actually think that way. I actually think I answer to them. I think I answer to the media partners. I think I answer the players. I think I answer the owners, too. The idea for me is to try to keep everyone happy. I always say that my biggest job is not to piss off more than 24 owners in a given day. How did you know the draft would be awesome if you traveled it, and did you see this happen? I'd be kidding you if I thought it was going to be as big as it is. We felt like we could be bigger than we were in Radio City. But what happened is Radio City actually put a holiday show in and said, you can't have the draft until June. And that's when we said, we're out of here. So they kicked you out. That's when we went on the road. Taylor Swift, we know. That's a different kind of influence. How about, hey, listen. A lot of jokes from... They're booing Taylor Swift. Yeah, you can't. You can't. You can't boo. Yeah, you're going to be a part of an album. Do it. Get a little louder. She is going to cook you. A lot of the internet was saying Roger Goodell was sitting at home through the night about this. Well, they thought it was part of the script. Yes. That's what it is. That's Or are we good at 17 right now? Well, I think we're good at 17 now. But listen, we're looking at how we continue. I'm not a fan of the preseason. I don't think we need preseason. Waste of time, right? And energy? I don't buy it. And I don't think these guys like it either. Well, they have to spend full price on tickets for those kids. No, they're actually discounted now. Thank you for doing it game of the regular season any day. That's just picking quality, right? If we got to 18-2, that's not an unreasonable thing. The other thing it does, which I thought you were going to, is that ends up on President's Day weekend, which is a three-day weekend, which makes a Sunday night, and then you have Monday off. So that's... Now we're cooking! See? Now we're cooking! Can you talk to the president about having... The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We won't back! We won't back! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello, beautiful people, and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Super Monday, May 13, 2024. Hour 2 of the sports program starts now. Sports are the greatest thing on earth. There's no need to debate anything else. Air, potentially good. Pretty good. Also true. Water, solid. The development of housing and having a roof over your head. bad very very good shoes huge chairs big beds awesome food great but sports best yeah yep okay let's just understand that there's something that brings the whole world together now granted there might be two different sides of it especially in competition but there's an escape from life for a matter of moments whenever people are competing for something much bigger than themselves, and we're in the middle of two playoff runs for two of our biggest leagues that has been nothing short of majestic, and we're just getting started. The Toxic Table is here at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Now, a man who is a nine-year NFL vet and a massive Florida Panthers fan. Ladies and gentlemen, Darius J. Bullard. Sweet hat. Everybody's talking about the jersey. The hat is sweet, and I think you muted yourself. Yeah, I muted myself. Click that button right there. Mic check. Oh, jeez. Just dipshit Florida Panthers fan. Did you do that, Connor? Who would have thought? You are a piece of shit. And he's pointing fingers. You are a piece of shit. You absolute asshole. Wow. What an idiot. That's real heat. That's real heat. Panthers are up 3-1 over the Boston Bruins right now. Joining us live from an attic in Ohio is a man who's a college football national champion. It got me like that one. Big Pop, Super Bowl champion, Ryder Cup winner, and a man who's the current president of Ohio. Ladies and gentlemen, A.J. Hawker. Hey, Hawker. Hawker, how you doing? Great, man. What, does Pacers need you every single game, huh? Just blow out city when you're there on the court? I don't know about any of that. They've you that they've won a lot of games without me there but boy it was a fun environment they look good man had like for real what is the environment like in person it looks amazing so dale davis is the all-time leader in rebounds for the indiana pacers yeah he came out he revved the shit out of the engine of the indycar happy to be there absolutely did not break smile one time he was back like he was on the wood you know trying to get another board for the indiana pacers he had a revved up dial he was really but from that moment of him hitting that pedal flat all the way through the dub it was alive in there it really was and i think a lot was made of coach carlisle coming out and saying small markets are allowed to have equal opportunities well or something like that. And I think Pacers fans heard that and were like, hell yeah. You know what? Yeah, this is our guy. We would like, because we're going against New York City. I mean, Madison Square Garden. And I know history says that the Pacers and the Knicks have big-time rivalry, but it's been a while for the Pacers to get to a point of relevance in the entire NBA where here we are. And then the Knicks, every year it's supposed to be, it's supposed to be. That's what New York people are like with all their sports. It's supposed to be, it's supposed to be. There's so many of us. If we all say the same thing, people will start to believe it. It's supposed to be, it's supposed to be. So whenever Coach Carlisle comes out and he's like, yeah, it by the big crowd, but that's okay. All of Indiana showed up for both of these games, three and four. And the way they dominated yesterday on Mother's Day, you know, was I was sitting next to Tyrese Halliburton's mom, and then obviously I was with my wife, who's a new mom. And then you think about everybody that was there. John Mellencamp was in attendance. The man who didn't. No, he did. He was standing. Stood for the national anthem. About time. That was quite a play out of Mellencamp. He looked really cool on the Jumbotron. He had boots on. His hair was perfectly fluffed. Toothpick. Yeah, he had a toothpick in his mouth. He was really killing it down there. So it was great, AJ, to answer your question. It was a great day in Gainbridge Fieldhouse and didn't really clear out even whenever we were up 40 or so. So I think that's a beautiful thing. And this dude's a star. And he's entertaining as shit. Talks shit. He does like no-look passes. He shoots. I mean, he is. And he's locked in for another five years, I think, with the Pacers, which is good news. We also need to lock T.J. McConnell in for a five- to ten-year deal here in Indiana, and then Pacers are all the way back, and it was an honor to be there. It was nice to be in that building again. Hey, watching McConnell play, what's it like watching him play defense in person? All I think of is how pissed off would you be if this dude was guarding you. That's all I think of. That's exactly who he is. Yeah, you know exactly who he is. probably had one of these guys on their team. You go play pickup somewhere, every once in a while there will be one of these assholes. This is my card here. Sorry. You know, the whole time. That's who he is. He was even pump faking shit. He would act like he dropped down to court then he comes back and he's like, yep, gotcha bitch. And he's not even on that guy. He just leaves. He was constantly. And then AJ, the best part about it is during timeouts, you know, especially yesterday, there was a lot of them calling timeouts to try to stop our momentum. We couldn't. So our arena's going apeshit, apeshit. McConnell's the last guy to the bench every time because he's taking that tractor another round, and he's eyeballing the crowd. I mean, like, eyeballing the crowd full on. He is are you not entertained guy for the Pacers. It is. It's a show, bro. And Boomer, the mascot, I think from the way the body looked, same guy that's been there since I went to games, all the security people, same people since whenever I went to games back in 2009, 2010. So it was nice to see everybody. It was nice to get back in there. And also, I mean, just absolutely destroyed the New York Knicks. And the halftime show. Not too shabby. I'll tell you what. Best Simon Says player of all time. Stevie Wax. This guy's name. Stevie Wax. Lightning Rod. It was tough to take serious early. Once he started his Simon Says shit, he was like, oh this is this is a playoff game that's what I said this is a playoff game we can't even get red panned out here kicking some bowls we can't get quick change who I found out no longer perform because they're dead no quick change Simon says like the whole crowd play who played like was there kids yeah who kids moms pace mates on the court on the court yeah everybody's out there in a line he's talking to a group. He goes, all right, Simon says hands up. Hands down now? Hands down? And then people put their hands down, and then he publicly ridicules these people. Okay. And tells them, get the hell off the floor. Killed it. He won me over. By the end, I'm like, hell yeah. That's the best Simon Says guy of all time. Not finish legitimately i uh there were some break dancers on the floor doing their break dancing thing like the indiana jab walkies or something they're doing their thing they didn't put them on camera they had this 90 year old lady dancing who was killing it oh my god then they go to somebody else who can't dance then they go back to this lady doing her she was dancing doing her whole thing place is going crazy the indiana jab walkies this entire time are doing their shit on the floor. So whenever somebody at, like one of them was asking a question like, you want to see me do a headstand? And they had that lady on there dancing. Yeah, they're like, yeah, do a headstand. Nobody knew they were. I think I was the only person to do it. I didn't know until you were saying this right now that there was something on the court other than that lady dancing bingo that lady wants really yeah that's what i'm saying they gotta be pissed they gotta be pissed they keep showing this old lady instead of them bro they were jogging off though huge they thought good i don't know if they know what happened above them i think they still potentially they do now they do now it was you jabberwock these and you killed it it was you crushed. Everyone who watched said it was sick. Dude, nobody was watching him. I know. Not a single person. I actually looked around at the entire arena, and I said, nobody's watching the Indians. Wait, because they're showing Sister Jean dancing in the crowd? Was she part of the... Black lady up in the thing. Might have been 80 years old. Like 70, 80 years old. Like 70, 80 years old. Definitely. In that thing. We're talking moving. Grabbed a towel at one point. As if she was doing a... She knew. Had a visor. I think... I don't know. I don't know who all was with who in the crew. But there was one person sitting right next to this lady dancing. Had his camera shooting right at the Jumbotron. Was just dancing alongside of her, massive smile. It was like, this is a moment right now we're having in the Indiana Jabbawockeez. Nice. Whisking their lives, just standing on their heads. Just got cucked all over the place out there. It was a good time. It was a good moment. Back to MSG now with all the New York City, coastal elitists, expecting the refs to call everything for him. Like that Tony Peters son of a bitch. His name's Tony Brothers. Yeah, Jeff Teague has told some funny stories about Tony Brothers. He mocked me. He came over to me and did a little punt kick thing and rolled his eyes. And I'm like, Tony Peters, you need to relax. Thought that was his name the entire time. I called him Tony Peters no less than 15 times. His name's Tony Brothers, AJ. Don't be an asshole. I do think they heard me, though. He probably loves give and take. They tried to start going for the Knicks. We were up 25. They tried to start. Very popular, too. Brothers. Foster. Scott Foster. Tony Brothers and Gucci Man look alike. Pretty popular NBA refs. We had the one, Tony Brothers. Then there was the skinnier white. Yeah, the Chris Paul and Scott Foster. Yeah, he was. Okay, so I did know that I know him. Yeah, so Scott Foster is the one that always comes up when Chris Paul's in the playoffs because he's never won with him. Okay, so I actually told my wife, I said, this guy here, he was the one, whenever Barnes to Kobe, he's the one that gave the ball to Matt Barnes. He's been around a long time. That's Tony Peters. And then I said, this one right here, you know, this tall white, I've seen this white before. I don't know what, I've seen him before. He's been around. Very experienced crew yesterday. Oh yeah, very. Very experienced crew. They were getting it. We were up 35 and the fans were calling them bums. Way goes. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a man whose mentions have been pretty toxic, I believe, for about a week or so. Yeah. Now, we will say, and I'm sure he will as well, his own fault. Went out his own fault, went out on his own and said, 30 NBA guys go play in the NFL. 30 NFL guys couldn't play in the NBA. What happened after that was every person that's ever played in the NFL said, oh, shut up, bitch. And then everybody that hasn't played any sport and maybe played high school football said, this guy's a bum. And then he started getting attacked by professional athletes on platforms. He never said he would be one of the guys. No, he didn't. He He started getting attacked by professional athletes on platforms. He never said he would be one of the guys. No, he didn't. He was just saying NBA guys as a whole. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, 12-year NBA vet. I think that got lost in the conversation as well. Austin Rivers. Yeah, Austin. I'm back. Here I am. Here I am, world. Hey, do you have anything, any proclamations to make? Well, first off, I don't take anything I said back, so I don't give a fuck. So I don't really care. By the way, Patrick Mahomes said yesterday courtside, that guy could definitely play in the NFL. I got Brandon Marshall, Saquon Barkley, all these guys calling my phone like, yo, you know you're right, right? So listen, if the one guy from Green Bay who I'd never heard of wants to say his little piece or talk, then so be it, man. I don't really give a damn. Is it 30 players? I don't know. It could be 10, could be 12. By the way, I'm only talking two positions, tight end, wide receiver. So, and again, I didn't say they'd be Terrell Owens out there. I just said we had guys that could absolutely go out there and play. And no, I didn't say myself, but I am 6'5", with a 40-inch vertical, and I run a 4'5". And I'm 220. So I don't know what I could do or not do. I don't think I could take a tackle. That's for damn sure. I'd probably play one snap, get one catch, and then I might I appreciate the way you've handled this year. Yes. I appreciate the way you've handled this. J.J. Watt came on our show. I don't know if you know that. Because J.J. came out and said, well, why don't you try? And then we actually called J.J. and were like, hey, he actually said he was not. He's not one. Yeah, no, I wasn't on that list. I wasn't on that list. Yeah, J people to do and then he said i'm not saying what he said was wrong either jj even said that in this whole thing and then once you start breaking down you know like okay is it one play is it one situation how many practices is there training camp is there this whole that's where it started get which was great fodder i want to let you know you did a great job hey thank you for what you did for us here for the internet i mean you can't doing that. You threw one out there that really got going. It's crazy what that turned into, man. I walked through the airport today and I got stopped ten times. They're like, 30? I'm like, I don't know. I don't have my book with me with all the players listed. I don't even know how to respond to this shit, man. I can't believe that took the light. The way that thing just took off and the whole world was captivated by it, it just was like insane. And I'll tell you why. You know why that is, right? Why? It's because we've thought about this. This has been a thing for a while. There's always been a little rift between football and basketball players, and we know why. I don't want to get  listen, I've already said enough. I'm not getting into that anymore. But there's always been a little something there. It starts with a mutual respect. It starts with a mutual respect for one another. Agreed, agreed. So, yeah, it was fun. It was a good conversation. Yeah, it was good chatter. And I think what you're talking about is maybe in college is where this starts. Now at Duke No, Duke's probably a different animal. Although this, hey, this modern Duke football team. Well, unfortunately. It's over. Yeah, it's over. Quarterback left, too, the guy. Yeah, he went to the other game. Yeah, he's gone, too. So it's over. We had our moment. Kirk Cliff's in there? Coach? No, no, no, no. No, yeah. Duke football's dead again. Yeah, for sure. But they were really cool. They're getting Cooper flagged, so that's going to be sick. He's going to be doing it. Your basketball team still get down there, Duke? We're preseason number one next year. When was the last time you guys won? Just another year. No, it's not just because of Cooper. We cleaned house, man. We got three transfers. We got this kid from Africa who's seven foot, great hands, great feet. We got Isaiah Evans who's a 6'8", top five player. We have the number one recruiting class the next two years. It's just another year. Congrats to the Duke Blue Devils basketball team running that campus. The whole conversation, I believe that you were alluding to there. Let's talk about a little bit of basketball here, shall we? Let's talk a little basketball. We had Perk on in the first hour. He said that he thinks that Nuggets-Wolves go in seven games. Do you agree with that? Do you think the Nuggets have figured it out? No, you think they're battling back, yes? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, my God, did Minnesota trick that off before the halftime. Did you see that 7-0 run that they had? Oh, yeah. They cut it to eight. Nikola finds KCP for three. Ant turns it over. MPJ gets a layup, and then they turn the ball over again, and Jamal launches this thing from half court, and it's a 7-0 swing. It goes from being a ball game to, I mean, this right here, this tosses the ball. I mean, that's, it's, oh my God. I mean, for the half to end like that, it really broke their back. I mean, it changed the entire outlook of the game and they were never able to get back. Now that it's 2-2 going back to Denver and Denver has this momentum, the series, it went from everyone being like, man, Minnesota's going to the finals to this is going to be a seven-game series. I had Denver winning originally. I still have them winning now. I have them winning in game seven though. I think they go back and win in Denver. I think they win three straight, and then Minnesota wins six at home, and then I think Denver takes it at home. Okay. I'm excited to watch that series because everything that we were taught over the last couple years of this Malone-Joker team is like when they just flip it on, it's on. I guess that's kind of how it goes. I'll be excited to see if this Ant-Man, who we are all massive fans of, can put the fire out there at mile high like they did the first two games. Go ahead, AJ. Can you talk a little bit about Aaron Gordon? I know people do talk about him, but I feel like he's like an unsung hero. Everything the guy does, he's really fun to watch. But I know I watch the interview when he's sitting there and he's praising the Joker and saying how humble he is and everything. They seem like they have a great thing going, but what does Aaron Gordon mean to that team? Man, Aaron's one of my best friends. He is one of the most selfless human beings. And He is one of the most selfless human beings. For him, he is the heart and soul, in my eyes, an X-factor of that Denver team. He plays that dunker spot well. He was misdiagnosed as a player coming in. He was a lottery pick, and in Orlando, they try to make him a scorer. That's not exactly what he is. He's able to score playing a role. Once he turned into a role player, playing with guy like Nicola they just they work so well together they have the best put starting lineup in the NBA every single piece is there to complement the next man and I don't think anyone's more important in Aaron Aaron gets lost in the weeds and I think when we say the name Aaron Gordon we automatically just you know that name is synonymous with just dunking because of the things he's done in the dunk contest. But they won the game last night because of him, and there's no doubt about it. And actually, even the games before that, the game before that, he shot the ball well. If he's hitting shots, I don't know how you beat that team, you know, because that's just like the cherry on top. He does all the other stuff. He defends. He was one of the biggest reasons why they went last year. I don't know if y'all remember that run he went on. He guarded KD the first series. Then he guarded this guy the next series. Right now he's guarding Ant a lot. I mean, he has his hands full. He's a huge piece of that team. He's the best defensive player on their team. And then now he's putting up 20 on games too. Yeah, I thought you were going to rattle off all the names there. And that would have been phenomenal if you would have been able to be like, last year, remember, he got KD. Then he got this guy. Yeah, I remember the order of which they played. I don't remember who they... I know LeBron and the Lakers were the conference finals. Yes. It was LeBron, KD. We're missing somebody. He had someone in the... Paul George or Kawhi? I forget. I don't know. He's one of the best defenders in the league that never gets that type of praise because I think he's just on such a heavy-hitting team. When you talk about the Nuggets, you talk about Nicola, you talk about Jamal. Even their third-leading scorer last year was Michael Porter Jr. Even this year. He's the guy that gets lost in the weeds. He's probably the X-f factor for that team, considering what they ask of him. Crazy game. You guys are best. Tim wants to need help. Go ahead. What did you say? I said Ant needs help. He had 44 last night. Yeah, phenomenal. You know, A.G. has won the last two games. He's won the matchup versus Carl. You know, Carl Anthony Towns is an all-star. So these are things that have to change. But, yeah so these are things that have to change but yeah, AG's my guy, we usually go on vacations every summer, wholesome trips mind you don't start that you guys are talking shit about NFL guys the whole time, where do you guys go you guys go to a beach and say you're dirty you're a shit go play in the NFL AG was one of the guys on that list I know there were some people around you that were gassing up this entire conversation obviously because when you came in and said, listen, there's 30 that had been chatted about in your head around people before. I would respect AG on there. Dreds would look sick out of the helmet too. Do you know what's funny about this Notice this entire argument since then. We only have been talking about the NBA players that could play in the NFL. No one has thrown out names the other way. Oh, yeah, you're not listening. You're not listening. You're not listening. T.J. Watt, I don't know if you saw him. Derrick Henry. Derrick Henry could get you. Adrian Hutchinson. Yeah. Playing in the NBA? Yeah. Jason Kelsey. I don't know what drugs they got down there in Indianapolis, but they got to be strong as hell. It's not me. It's not me. It's Coastal Elite. That's us. That's Dan. Those guys are 6'4", 6'5". They play like centers. Just because they can dunk. You guys are the same guys that saw Jake Cole dunk in an All-Star game and were like, Jake Cole can play the NBA. Wow. Easy. J. Cole would never say that he could do that, obviously. He went down and played in... What is that list? In Puerto Rico. What is that list? Let's be list. This is Dan Orlovsky's list. This is a Coastal Elite, big city guys list. Almonra, St. Brown. I just want to let you guys know. Aiden Hutchinson. Absolutely. You're absolutely delusional if you think any of these guys could play in the NBA. And Hutchinson! What are you talking about? One of these guys would say they could play in the NFL. Now, look. Chase Claypool. Mark Andrews? You don't think Mark Andrews is getting a board? Come on. You don't think? Getting a board doesn't make you an NBA player. Christian McCaffrey? McCaffrey would be like McConnell 2.0. Bro, Cooper Cupp is going on your fucking head. Austin, he's going on your head. George Kittle? Come on. Oh my God. George Kittle's doing this every single time. Tyreek Hill at 5'8". Did you see what Micah did to the sumo wrestler? Just imagine what he'd do to you guys. Oh man. You're done. He would foul out in two minutes. Those guys can't play in the NBA. Hey, listen, if Tony Peters is going to call everything, if Tony Peters is going to do that bullshit that he was doing for the Knicks, of course he'll foul out. Tony Peters is nuts. Tony Peters is nuts. I can't even get over that. Listen, I respect it, man. You guys have passion for football. I love it. None of those guys could come close to playing in the NBA. They know that. You know that. I know you know that deep down. I know you know that deep down. These guys are like... Miles Garrett is dunking the ball at 6'5". We have 7 foot... It's crazy. You guys even think this is possible. Do you know what this thing looks like from a 6'5", 280-pounder as opposed to a 6'8"? It looks like an offensive liability. Okay. There's too much skill involved in the NBA. This is what the back's going to look like down the post. Hank, you're simply taking that gut, putting that thing, and you're staying like this. Not on purpose. You're going to be able to do shit. Nothing. I don't take anything you're saying right now seriously. Nothing. That's ridiculous. If you're saying on your own show, am I taking this seriously? You are so disrespectful. Bad journalism on my show. Bad journalism. You're not going to take it either. I was at a game yesterday. When was the last time you were at Bad journalism on my show. Bad journalism. You're not going to take it either. I was at a game yesterday. When was the last time you were at an NBA game? When was the last time you were at an NBA game? A week ago. You don't know? I was there yesterday. This guy had no shit. You don't know anything. I was boots on the wood yesterday. I ball and tell. TJ McConnell, that guy can play in the NFL. Easy. McConnell could no doubt about it. 10 rushes, 100 yards, 2 touchdowns. I'll put McConnell at safety. He's John Lynch. Oh, yeah. Okay, so now we get the rift. We're trolling. I love it. We're trolling! TJ McConnell's a dog, Austin. He's from Pittsburgh, Austin. I love TJ McConnell. Having him in the NFL, man. No trolling. I love T.J. McConnell. Having him in the NFL. Man. Don't troll him. What are you saying? What are you saying? I'm going to have to have a drink after this. I'm not even kidding. Oh, no way. This is too tough. I'm sweating through my jacket right now. I'm sweating through my jacket. You guys are getting me hot. I can't even do this. Well, listen. That's what football of football. Boom. Welcome to football. Okay. You want to know a true story about me in football? We heard it. You want to know a true story about me in football? We heard it. You quit. I tried out for, yeah, you know why? Because there's, you know. It's too hot. Too hot. Oh, my ears hurt with the helmet on. Yeah, we heard it. We're saying that. Say what? Nothing. They're saying kickers and putters are tougher. I didn't think you deserved that. I didn't think you deserved it. 12-year NBA veteran. Yeah, come on. This guy played 12 years in the NBA. What are we talking about? He's been running wooden cities for so long. Austin, we appreciate and respect the NBA guys. Always. I'm not clapping to that. I don't want that slow clap low clap. That bullshit ass clap you guys did. Well, that's the entitlement from the NBA players that leads us back to thinking you guys won't be able to make it yet. Every day you're going to earn it. Every day in football you're going to earn it. The inch in front of you. Yeah, that's right. The inch behind you. Hey, you know what my rift is with the NFL? Can I be honest with you? You know what my rift is really let's break it down ratings are up the nfl the nfl the nfl is more about it's the nba is more like it's more player driven where the nfl is more about the team you know what i mean and you know that's always been i think from a an athlete standpoint when you want to make the you know the professional sports and be at the top of the top not that you want to be about yourself but like you want to be able to achieve that level of symbolism for yourself as a great athlete. Not that you can't do that in the NFL, because these guys are amazing athletes, man. NFL athletes are freaks. I mean, what are we talking about here? But the teams are driven by the sports. When you think of the NFL, you think of the Packers, you think of the Cowboys, you think of the Bears, you think of whoever. Where the NBA, you think of LeBron James and you think of Kevin Durant. It's just a little different. You know what I mean? So it's all depending on what you want. And if this goes in, you're wrong. Boom. Universe ball. Gotcha. If you would have made that, I actually would have been hot. Moose ball. Bonus ball, bonus ball, bonus ball. A little harder off that. Big ring. Oh. That was good. There it is. Oh, my God. I was on my own. Too jacked up. Too jacked up. We'll catch that later. Too strong. Which goes back to the NFL NBA thing. Yeah. We're too strong. I did see you courts yesterday. Thank you. You look good. Thank you. It was very nice. I don't like the shell toes. I don't like the jeans, how they were laid over the shell toes, but you were on some different timings. If I was standing, I look great. Sitting down is kind of tough. I didn't take that into account that that's how the photos are going to be. I stand up there, I look sweet. Do they give you those tickets or do you pay for them? Ty Tyler Burton. I don't know if you know him. Future face of the NBA Team USA member, Tyrus Tyler Burton. Those are his tickets. Yes, yes. Baller, Hooper. Dog, yeah. I mean, what I didn't know when I took those and I'm very thankful for the, because these tickets were there was some that were similar that were for sale on SeatGeek and I think they were like $4,500 a piece. Pretty pricey. So very thankful for Tyrus Tyler Burton know my wife and I had a blast one of the cameramen his name was Ron I think he's been taking pictures on a escort for 40 years uh his little are you gonna call from NBA player telling you stop you need to you need to slow down we're getting buried enough by these football guys that's my uber eats delivering my beer that I told you I need after drink coming hey the camera people that was an interesting there's like a line they're not allowed to go in front of, and I guess my guy was the least flexible one, so he needed the most amount of leg space. His name was Ron. So he was right there in my lap. I mean, I literally, I was putting food on this guy's head. He was sitting right in front of me. And Ron, hey, you knew Ron was the show, part of the show. He got great photos. But that is a middle of the action which leads me to like the refs like tony peters and the boys like they were in the middle of it all who would darious has a question for you austin y'all refs are more more known obviously got a big impact on the game just like all sports but tony brothers scott foster uh all these guys do you guys have a scout report going on the game just like all sports but tony brothers scott foster uh all these guys do you guys have a scout report going into the game you know because we know as sports better some of us hey scott foster's going on his game stand away tony brothers how about for the players yes i don't even waste my time with tony brothers that's that that guy is that guy will get you i played the pacers three years ago and got thrown out for missing Lance Stevenson. I did like a fake elbow. I didn't even elbow him. I didn't touch him. He reviewed it and still threw me out the game. There's certain refs, like you said, that you have to know going into it that sometimes they get a little bit too involved in the show, in my opinion. They start getting emotional with the crowd and can do do stuff and tony's one of those guys i'm not saying he's a bad ref but he's just you know you got to know your people uh tony's one of those dudes you just don't mess around with because he could he could he could end up you know fucking you over a little bit you know that's just what it's going to be i'm just going to be honest with you i've gotten thrown out multiple times of games by Tony brothers. And, you know, I still think he's a good ref overall, but he's a, he's an emotional guy. Of course he's good. And I'm happy that, you know, somebody calling the wrong name for three, four quarters. They were trying to get the Knicks back in that game though. It was starting on, started and it was like, wait a minute, but the Pacers. Knicks are in trouble. Yeah. Okay and it was like, wait a minute. But the Pacers just... Knicks are in trouble. Yeah, okay. Ty has a question for you, Austin. Yeah, Austin. So speaking of that, obviously early on, really up until the Pacers series, it looked like the Knicks were just playing with house money. Obviously Brunson was going crazy, but we know how banged up they are. They don't really have anybody coming off the bench, and it seems like if Brunson or DiVincenzo isn't scoring like 40-plus, they're in a bad spot. Have they officially just run out of gas? Are they in trouble now moving on the rest of this series with the Pacers seemingly kind of catching fire here? The problem that I have is, to your question, I don't like the  you have multiple guys that he's  and I love Thibodeau. I think Thibodeau is one of the better coaches in the league. But he's running some of these guys to the ground. You know what I mean? Just due to the minutes he plays these guys and he asks them. When you look at Indiana, they have McConnell and Obi Toppin and all these guys that they're able to throw off the bench that can have impacts. Whereas the Knicks, man, they're just now trying to get Alec Burks in the game. They're trying to find something. You're playing Josh Hart 48 minutes out of a 48-minute game, and I think people think, oh, man, NBA's not a physical sport. It's not a contact sport. You're playing both sides of the ball. You're running up and down all game, and this is a different era. This is different from playing 48 minutes in the 90s. In the 90s, they were walking the ball up the floor, and the final score of these games were like 79-82. These scores are now 120-130. They're track meets, and you've got guys out there playing 48 minutes a night. Jalen Brunson, what's on his shoulders every night is so... I can't even imagine, as a player, having that much on your shoulders. I don't know if they could. They're great at home. That home court presence, you've got to admit, the MSG, what they do in there. They're unbelievable at home. But when they're on the road, they haven't shown to have been able to win yet. It does look like they're running out of gas. I have questions whether, like, even if they were able to win this series, like, good God, what would you expect from them from next series? You can go to another seven games guys 48 minutes a night you know og's already hurt uh you know you you hope nothing happens to brunson or harder their series is over uh so i i don't know i don't like the likelihood of them you know coming out anymore i had them as a team that could go compete against boston and i'm not so sure about that instead it's the pacers austin river says yeah i think the pacers i think the pacers. I think the Pacers are losing seven. To the Knicks? Yeah, I think the Pacers are losing seven to the Knicks. It sounds like that is a pre-series started judgment pick, and now you've got to stick by it. Don't be a homer. Don't be a homer. You know who I was at next to on the plane today? Where you at the game? Mike Epps. Oh, yeah? How was that? He's a good dude. He's a big Indianapolis guy, right? Oh, yeah. Bought back the block here. Flipped over a whole neighborhood. Did the whole thing. Yeah, he is. Oh, did he? Yeah, I saw him on the plane. He's hype about the Pacers. Yeah, what'd you say to him? Did you say that it's not going to be the Knicks because, you see, I made a prediction before the series started. The series is tied, Pat. The series is tied. We all see what's happening. It's swinging. We all see what's happening. Look at you. We all see. Were you there? Have you been in a game? I was there yesterday. I would never pay tickets to go to a Pacers game on the court, man. Oh! This this guy sucks you don't know what you're missing they revved the engine yesterday yeah yeah dale double d like the butcher's dog i do love playing in indianapolis because they have a great home crowd i'll give you that great environment it's always been a basketball town though indianapolis is a basketball city pissed well peyton came there's a statue now and certainly it is a football town but if the pacers with this particular team can win quickly we'll come back to being a full-blown basketball city which i think it already is i might have just been missing the boat like tyrese halliburton is like the perfect star for indiana you know from iowa state obviously born in wisconsin like his personality is like perfect for you and he's a dog like he is and yeah he is this tj mcconnell i mean i'm telling you he is. Yeah, he is. This T.J. McConnell, I mean, I'm telling you, he is. He knows it, too. He is loved here. Toppin, Toppin. Yeah, Obi Toppin. Obi Toppin. This dude hit his head off the top of the backboard yesterday while we were watching him play. It's like, Jackson. Look at that. That is unbelievable. Yeah, it was phenomenal. They could do whatever the hell And then Guy I just learned of with sweet mustache and Morgan Wallen. Ben Shepard, the man. Ben Shepard. This dude's got a sweet stache, good fade. Rookie. Box top. You guys are such homers. It's unbelievable. Whoa, whoa, whoa. My God. Look at you going in on the dynamic of each guy's haircut. This is insane. We got dogs, dude. You weren't in that barn yesterday, Austin. That place is buzzing. I'm a journalist. You're a guy that's on a plane with Mike Epps. I don't need to hear it. Boom. Boom. There's Chef Dog. Describe him perfectly. I got to admit. Yeah. I got to admit, it's a great staff. Hashtag journalism, prick. I mean, that is literally what we're doing here. AJ has a question for you Austin, a bit of a veer. Going back to the fans, I know your dad's a coach. Does he have any stories of fans just getting too involved into the huddles? I just imagine as a coach, when you have the people between where the coaches sit and the table, there's like 10, 8 fans. They sell these seats. Do you ever have to find a way to get your security to box them out or get out of the way? It just feels like it's very invasive. Yeah, players do. They usually don't mess with the coaches too much. I can't think of a memory of him getting into it with a fan that really drove him over the edge. Or a fan who just pissed that he's standing in their way, like, hey, coach, move out of the way, coach. That doesn't happen, I hope. I'm sure it does happen because there are privileged people all around this world that we walk in, especially when people pay a lot of money for tickets on the court side. Sometimes people feel like they're entitled to just, you know, being. Just real quick, real quick, before you go any further, if I would have paid $4,500 for the seats that I was sitting in, Tyrese Halliburton did, and I'm thankful for that. With that guy in my lap the entire time. That's ridiculous. I could see how people would be like, well, hey, what do we even do? But that's different than the coach walking in front of you trying to coach a team. Agreed completely. Agreed completely. Yeah. There's a guy's seat right there. Look at that. Oh, yeah, wow. That's a guy's seat right there. That thing. That's backwards? Yeah. Yeah, well, I did it for Colin. Not the biggest hat wearer because of the size and shape of my head. But if I want to walk in Indiana anywhere, I normally have to have a hat at least over the face a little bit so I can keep it moving. So, you know, uncomfortable, put on backwards. Shout out Colin Cowherd, who we love. Hey, we love. Yeah, we love him. Absolutely love him. But, yeah, I had a good time there, man. Had a good time. But the guy's in there. But you're right. There is situations in basketball, AJ, that doesn't happen in any other sport. I mean, there's people sitting four feet behind the bench. They're four feet in the bench. Like Patrick Beverly, that situation. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying. It happens with the players more. I think the players are more emotional into a game. It's like a job for a coach to be a little bit more emotionally stable, where players are just very vulnerable out there. So you have these fans saying, like, fuck you, you suck, this, this, and that. It's easy noise until the game doesn't go your way and you're losing, and then these guys are still talking, and all it takes is one of these guys to kind of react emotionally, which happens all the time. I mean, Pat Beverly obviously is the most recent, but it happens almost every game you'll see a player say something to a fan. You know, where in football you can kind of like tune that stuff out. You've got the helmet. A football arena is also so much bigger, and there's so many more fans in a football arena, it's very hard to like single out one guy talking to you. Yeah, it you yeah yeah yeah we do stadiums you guys do arenas we do 70 80 more people want to go you guys do 14 50 yeah yeah and i know that exactly rightfully so because like we only have like 12 13 guys per team you guys have like 200 on a team so like everybody gets in the arena to watch everybody gets in the team to play okay everyone all right hey we appreciate you safe travels wherever you're headed keep killing it we are sorry that your mentions became what they became, you know, because we're kind of a part of it. I don't know why you keep saying that. I got good stuff. I had tons of people backing me. Look at you trying to control the narrative. I did not. Not me. Not me. I didn't see a single. Oh, I got plenty of positives. Good for your algorithm, dude. Your algorithm's working extra time to find you positive. That's good. You're all going. No, no, no. All I got to do is go to that inbox, baby. Go to them comments. I got people that love me, people that hate me. Either way, it's all good, man. You're the best. It's all good. Hey, Duke Nice from you. No. I appreciate it. Three-peat. Rain or repeat. I didn't even think about Hurley. If they're playing in that bum-ass arena up there in Connecticut, they got an extra grit. They're never going to get content. No. That team's going to be hungry forever. We got two arenas. Gampel and XL. They both stink? I love Hurley, though. I love Hurley. He is. Just like you, Austin. We appreciate you, man. There we go. Hey, go basketball. Ladies and gentlemen, Austin Rivers. Yeah, Austin. That's awesome. I enjoy Austin. Yeah, he's awesome. He's good. He's incredible. He is phenomenal. He knows. Really, really glad that he didn't say Doc Rivers had a bad experience in Boston, too. Because that's what most guys do. I think TJ McConnell said he had an okay time up there in Boston. Yeah, I think. Didn't DiVincenzo said he had a good time up there? I don't know if DiVincenzo had a good time up there either. Really? What's that? A lot of statement did? Probably some mixed reviews. No. Okay. Okay. Boston is rowdy. I'll tell you what, the Indiana fans, I was really impressed yesterday. Me too. Genuinely. The people that were sitting behind us, they wouldn't shut up the whole time to the point where there's three minutes left and they're chanting for James Johnson to go into the game. Yeah, who is brought back to be like, I think he's Tyrese Halliburton's enforcer. Yeah, like kind of. I think he's kind of brought back. We need that. Yeah, I forget. Somebody to my back right was telling a story, and I was eavesdropping completely. Sure. Because they were chanting for this guy to get in the game. James, we want James. We want James. We want James. And I'd seen James come over and hug Tyrese's mom because she was sitting two doors down. And I got a nice clean dap up, and I said, hey, good luck out there. And he said, all love, with a thing. I'm like, this guy's cool. Let's go. This guy's cool. He got dyed blonde dreads, kind of, but they're thick dreads, you know. And I was like, oh, that guy's sweet. So then when everybody was chanting happened to Tyrese in one game. He wasn't on the team and then he was brought back like literally the next day. It was like, yeah, we need to have, I think he's like a black belt too. Okay. Yeah. Former heat player. Like he is. He's one of the, one of the tough guys. The drunk suit that was sitting behind me was telling an accurate story. Yeah, nailed it. Okay, that's good news. He was beloved. I think he was telling him, no, I don't want to go in. Yeah, I thought he did the pump fake run up and then turn around. I thought that's what he did, and people started going nuts. Yeah, I think Coach Carlisle looked down at one point at him, and he was like, I've been sitting here for like three hours. I I am very okay. We are up 40 right now. Let's not be wasting any time. Joining us now, a man who might have more information on everything happening within the Association of the National Basketball, senior insider for The Athletic, the stadium, and FanDuel TV, ladies and gentlemen, Shams Sharanyan. Yeah, Shams! Shams, you can go ahead and break the news. The Pacers are winning it all this year. Go ahead, Chums. I mean, they're obviously in good position for the conference finals at the very least. But listen, Knicks still have home court advantage. I wouldn't count them out. I would not rule out Josh Hart. Dr. DiVincenzo playing at a higher level. But Indy was lit last night. Indy was definitely going yesterday during the day. And especially on mother's day i know you had samantha out there courtside with you so shout out samantha shout out to all the moms out there my mom all the moms hey shout out to all the moms moms all the mothers out there and shout out to samantha mom you know got a chance to enjoy the day we had a nice you know hang out with uh baby girl do a little brunch at the house then we get out and go see a game then we came back shout out to the grandparents i mean it was it was maybe the best mother's day i've ever uh been a part of now obviously it's because i'm witnessing what a mom does for the first time over this last year like day in day out the last big mother's day i had is uh i got an air horn and showed up at uh my parents house oh nice 3 a.m yeah happy mother's day and one is to be the most memorable Mother's Day of all time. You were the first one to wish your mother a happy Mother's Day. Bingo. I brought an ice cream cake my brother had. It was a full thing, yeah. So that was a big Mother's Day. Yesterday was a good Mother's Day. Nice. But anyways, let's talk about the NBA, the big stories. I Bronte James Jr., checkmark, okay, on the X, puts out a picture of Bronte James wearing an Ohio State Buckeye uniform. I'm having a good Mother's Day. I don't have time. I'm looking down. I see this. I'm like, holy shit. He's finishing his story. You know, he's finishing his dad, you know, Ohio kid, just a kid from Akron, you know, Ohio State. He goes and wins a title with them. He's doing it all. I'm all in. O-H, I say. O-H. Holy hell. What a good thing for Columbus. And then like 20 minutes later, I go and check on it. Oh, no. This is the next tweet. Oh, no. I was caught. I was caught by a fake. Now, I don that should be allowed but nonetheless i got to keep my head on a swivel on the internet now he is definitely in the nba draft because uh his medicals got cleared can we get a standing on where brawny is right now and what the expectations are shams the expectation is that he's going to stay in the nba draft in june and a lot of that is is team belief and industry belief and his agent rich paul of clutch sports i mean he's been he's been making it clear over the last few years he's had number one overall picks but he's had guys go all throughout the draft it's about situation it's about fit even more so than a specific pick number like goal being a top 20 pick a top 25 pick it's about getting a guy in the right situation example last year chris livingston uh for rich paul he went 58 overall, the last pick of the NBA draft last year. He had the most guaranteed money of all time for an NBA player drafted that late in the NBA draft. So the fact that that is kind of a template for it doesn't matter where you go. It's about opportunity. It's about fit. And at the end of the day, investment and wherever Bronny James goes, whether it's the Lakers, whether it's to another team, investment and whatever, wherever Bronny James goes, whether it's the Lakers, whether it's to another team, having a developmental plan for him and having investment in terms of his on-court play as, as, as well as the money, the guaranteed money that's going to come into shape, whether that's late in the first round, whether that's in the second round, what does the guaranteed money look like? And that's what Bronny James, Rich Paul, they're going to all navigate over the next few weeks but the full expectation around the league is that bronnie james is going to stay in the draft and the question is going to be where he goes not if he gets drafted um and i would expect he's going to do all the workouts this week at the draft combine in chicago he's going to do the pro days next week in la in front of nba teams he's going to visit probably a handful of teams privately and then get a better understanding of exactly where he might go, exactly what pit range he's going to go, exactly what a potential deal could look like. And then we'll know more then whether it's going to be with LeBron James, potentially with the Lakers. Could it be another team as well? Okay, so Rich Paul runs the NBA. We assume he'll have it all figured out. I read his book. Phenomenal author, phenomenal agent, and obviously goes from selling jerseys to running the national basketball association an absolute stud and you just kind of hit on it there at the end go ahead ty yeah shams is there a chance that some other team's gonna draft brawny just to piss lebron off and maybe see if they can't get him to not be on the lakers uh or are most other executives being like yeah this guy averaged like 1.7 points last year like we're not drafting him let lebron draft him i think people view ronnie james game and they see someone who's 6263 a guy that can that can play multiple positions that can defend you know what he's going to bring defensively and you know right out of the gates you're going to have to put developmental structure around him he might not be a guy that you just play right away he might end up being being a guy. I mean, you look at the Lakers, if you want to look into them for, as an example, Austin Reeves, he makes the team out of training camp, gets a two-year deal. And he, a lot of guys can emerge him included. A lot of guys are on league can emerge in training camp in summer league. And that's going to be big for Bronny James, wherever he ends up. I know of at least two or three teams outside of just the Lakers that want to schedule workouts and have meetings with Bronny James. But the Lakers have made it clear since the season ended. I know I've said it here as well. They want to bring back LeBron James. They want to offer him whatever he wants, a one-year max, a two-year max, a three-year max. And in a perfect world, they want to potentially draft Bronny James, whether they have a late first-round pick. Could they James, whether they have a late first-round pick, could they move that pick, we'll see. But whether it's the first round, second round, they want to have the ability and the option to draft Bronny Hayes. But there could be another team that we'll know about in the next month or so that could emerge as well. That would be so cool to see LeBron and Bronny. It's been a dream the whole time. He wants to play with his boy. Now, Bryce, right, he's going to be... Yes, also Doe. If LeBron continues on this streak of somehow remaining healthy, fast, and incredibly talented at basketball, maybe he survives all the way to Bryce. Maybe this becomes three Jameses on one particular team going to have to win the in-season cup for sure. Going to have to win the NBA cup. I'm not holding my breath on that. I'm not holding my breath on that, Pat. Oh, Shams, what do you know? Yeah. What do you know, Shams? Two years max. I mean, I've said it on the show. I think the expectation around the league is that up to about two years. Now, listen, could LeBron James say, I want to play three years? I mean, it's not out of the realm of possibility. I mean, it's up to LeBron James, but he said it. He said it like from a body perspective, from a perspective of like how long his body could physically hold up. I mean, it might, you know, reach four or five years, but mentally, emotionally, where he's at with his body. And then the other factor is, and this is something else I've heard recently, is that he knows how much people around him have sacrificed. His wife, his kids, his close friends his loved ones they've sacrificed a lot for him over these 21 years could end up being up to 23 years that he plays in the league and so pouring that back to them at some point in the next one or two years i know that's a priority as well got it 23 years yeah that'd be so cool okay that makes sense we play with brawny we do 23 years shut down the number remember now it goes back to the number. Okay. All right. Now we're all kind of piecing it together. Okay. Finish your story. Yeah, finish your story. Well, the All-Star Weekend is also in L.A. in 2026. Just, I mean, just in this. It would be a full LeBron celebration. It would. It would. Win MVP. Oh, here we go. Maybe both of them in a dunk contest. Maybe they're getting the trampolines like I saw the dunkers yesterday in between first quarter and second quarter. Throw it to each other. Yeah, flip, bounce the ball off the ground. Flip, bounce the ball off the ground. Great idea. Oh, my God. And then I saw one guy miss, everybody else hit. I saw one guy miss, everybody else hit. They went like 9-10 yesterday on trampoline dunks. Not bad. We saw some nice drunks from Bronny in high school and college. So he can lead. He can get up there. He can defend. The question is, how does he round out the rest of his game? Oh, Shams, you want to be an analyst? How many years do you think he's going to play? Do you have a nice 10-year career? And Bronny's going to play a nice 10-year career? Awesome. 12-year career? I'm not putting any guesses out there. I'll leave that to other guests. Okay. Let's stick with the draft. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Shams, draft order came out, and once again, it doesn't make any sense. The Hawks almost go to the playoffs, and now they have the number one pick. And I do believe Darius Butler kind of said this earlier and I think everyone echoed it. I don't think anybody really knows anybody who's going to be drafted aside from Brawny and he obviously isn't a top 10 pick so that's interesting. What's the deal there? Are they going to end up changing how they decide the draft order and does the NBA just like us love to watch the Detroit Pistons being the biggest laughing stock in all of sports or is that just kind of how the cookie crumbles for them? That's got to be a gut punch for Detroit. I mean, back-to-back years, having the number one odds to get the number one overall pick, and you end up at five both years. I mean, I think they got Jaden Ivey, I think, at five. I think they got Asar Thompson at five as well. Asar Thompson, really nice player. He actually represented them on stage. They have some young players, Jalen Duran, Cade Cunningham, Asar Thompson. They just, you know, we know how last season went for them. I think the lottery is what the lottery is. I don't see that changing anytime particularly soon. This year's top four is interesting, though. You look at number one, Atlanta. Alex Saar is going to be the guy that's going to be favorited there. I think they're going to look at other potential guys as well. Alex Saar. He's a star. Alex Saar. Alex Saar could be a star. Could be a star. But right now he's a star. Eight times eight, guys. We leave Jean-Mappel, Alex Saar. Je trais bueno et basketball. Le basket. Yeah. Look a basketball. Basketball. Yeah. Oh! Oh! Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Well, listen, I think he's going to be in play at one. I think they're going to look at a few other guys at one. We'll see. The big question at Atlanta, though, is what happens. You know, the elephant in the room is Trae Young, DeJounte Murray. They already tried to potentially Conte Murray at the deadline. That didn't happen. This year, going into this offseason, a lot of teams are keeping an eye on Trey Young. What happens with his future? He said it publicly. He's made it clear privately he wants to win. He wants to compete. He sees his peers around the league. He wants to compete at a high level. And if he feels like the Atlanta Hawks aren't putting the right pieces around him, there's going to be a real conversation there. And then you look elsewhere. Houston is an interesting  Washington, we know. I mean, I assume they're going to draft it too. Houston at number three is interesting because that's the team. Ime Udoka, he got that team, I believe, 19 more wins, 17 more wins this season than last year. He's one of the best coaches in the league. He has them really aiming to play in the playoffs this year. And could they make moves? I don't even know why Connor asked you. This is when this draft is. When? End of June, I'm just learning now. I can't do it. End of June. End of June draft. Two-day draft. Pat, I know you're going to be locked in. Yeah, maybe, but no way. No way. You said Wemby? You had a Wemby update? Is that Trey Young? Well, Wemby is an interesting one because inherently the Spurs have this desire to go win, right? Because you have a player this generationally good, this generationally talented. You want to put a winner. But he's also so smart. He's so focused. He knows it's a long-term game. The Spurs have so many options to get the point guard of their future. That's the position that everyone looks at with them to go get a wingman, to set up a guy like Victor Weminyama. They can go in the draft. They can go in free agency. They can go in trade. They have a ton of assets. And Wemby took a short time off after the season ended. And I'm told he's been doing two-a-days for weeks now. He's been in the gym. He's been doing two-a-days. He's been getting ready. He's been fully immersed program this offseason. Not one. Not one. Not two. Two days. I hear that. That's crazy. Close. It's what, Shams? It was close. Hey, Wendy, let's make sure we're not wearing these things up. He's going in the morning. This guy's fucking 24 years old. He's going to the gym twice for an hour and a half. Come on, Shams. Jesus Christ. He might be even younger than that. He's 20. He's not 24. Okay, exactly. He's dedicated. He's not. The guy's playing horse two separate times a day for an hour and a half full time. Whoa. Okay. Whoa. I would hope he's doing more than on. What the fuck are we doing, man? I would assume he's doing more than horse, but I do think. He's not resting on his yawnies, you prick. Good. He's not spending his summer vacationing. He's not spending his summer doing anything else. He's locked in that gym and saying. That's his vacation. Okay. He's putting up shots. He's always on vacation in his mind. That's right, because the universe has blessed him. And he has a sick shoe logo. He's going to be rich forever. Yes, he's in the lights and fun. He is a phenomenal talent. The NBA is very lucky with him. Thank you for the updates there. Trey Young on a move. Wemby's doing two-a-days. AJ, go ahead, pal. Sh casual fans tell me that the Phoenix Suns they don't have a whole lot of options in what they can do moving forward. It sounds like they don't have any draft picks. They can't really move guys. What are they going to do these next couple seasons, I guess? Yeah, well, let's this is facts. This is facts we talk about here. They have five players under contract now. They have Kevin Durant, Bradley Beal, Devin Booker, Yusuf Nurkic, Grayson Allen. They have a bunch of free agents, one of them being Royce O'Neal. They really want to bring Royce O'Neal back. So let's say they bring Royce O'Neal back. That's six players under contract. That's pretty much their top six in the rotation. He's multiple championships in San Antonio as an assistant, multiple Coach of the Year awards. They signed him to a five-year deal worth over $50 million. So they gave him the bag. Matt Ishvia, think about how much he owes Frank Vogel, about over $6 million. How much he owes Mike Booneholzer this upcoming season. That's almost $17 million plus in salary for a coach this season. So he's putting his money where his mouth is. And just to clear things up, they have two first-round picks that they can trade on draft night. Obviously, there's nothing to sneeze at. So I think there is this perception out there that they don't have assets, that they can't make moves right now. But they do have some salaries that are easily tradable. They have a guy like Nasir Little who you can throw in a deal. And they have two first-round draft picks on draft night. So I think they will be very, very aggressive between now and draft night. Don't we think any team with Kevin Durant is automatically going to be good? That's what I think automatically. But all the vibes out of the Phoenix Suns are like, no, things aren't good. He's saying, we've got two assets still in the first round. They have a lot to fix. They do have a lot to fix. A lot of it has to do with their offense. Last season, it was a concern, the fact that Kevin Durant felt like he was not maybe being used the right way, feeling like he was in the corner. They're fucked, Shams. Just say it. They are so so fucked. Well, listen, under the right coach. Who are we talking about right now? Ant Edwards, who's 22. I mean, Perk brought up John Morant. They got a top 10 pick. Luca and the Mavs. And the Denver Nuggets. They're a bunch of fucking old guys that aren't playing well together and they can't move any of them. I know Shams. You love Phoenix and all that bullshit. That's a great place. I love Phoenix, too. Ishby is the man. He came in here. I get it. They are so fucked. Well, I mean. Yeah. Shams, exactly, brother. They have stuff to figure out, no question. I mean, Mike Booneholder, the vibes that you get from Mike Booneholder, that's a coach. Ooh, Boone Holder, the vibes that you get from Mike Boone Holder, that's a coach in his first two or three stints. He has the ability. He has the ability. You see what he did in Atlanta. You see what he did in Phoenix. But they have a lot to figure out. And if they can't get their offense right, it's going to start a lot with the offensive side of the ball because defensively, the 10, 11, 12, 13, somewhere in that range for the majority of the season, they need to figure out a way to maximize those three guys because the idea of pairing those three together in a lineup is not saying this is going to be a defensive juggernaut team. It's to say there's no other team in the league that can stop those three guys when they're playing on all cylinders, and they just were not able to figure that out last year. Let's talk about great offense, you know, maybe some fairy tales. Darius has a question for you nba insider yeah nba insider i feel like you're the man for this job um i got a side quest for you shams you can please can you get your hands on this wilt st berlin 100 point game because i'm seeing film highlights cut up from 1939 so if you can please first of all do you believe it happened and if you can please get your hands on this tape well if if everyone says it happened if it's in the record books i assume i listen i have nothing against it so if it if everyone says it happened if the nba record book said it happened i mean i don't have anything to the contrary but um i know i know i know there is opinion out there yeah i i know i know there's opinion out there i mean there I mean, there's a lot of conjecture out there. I don't know where the film is at. You know what, DB? I'm going to do my best. I know it hasn't been covered for decades upon decades upon decades, but I will put it upon myself. I'll do my best. Who's playing in these games? The NCAA might be able to play in this game. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Are they all in suits? All the fans are wearing suits. Can we go back? They're wearing belts with shorts. Look at the hook shot. They're clean. These guys can fucking hoop. They can't. These guys are fucking smacking the floor. Come on. Get in that left hand, pal. These guys are the first ones in, last ones out. That's a dime right there. That's a dime right there. No look, too, Shams. I don't know if you saw a little sauce in 19. I got to find the footage. DB, you just put a lot of  yeah, you put a lot on my plate, but I'm up for the task. Do a documentary on it, Shams. Do some journalism. Do some actual journalism maybe. or is it maybe? I'll do my best. I'm on it. I'm on it. You're the best, Shams. Thank you so much. Anything else we should have asked you about? Oh, yes. What about Zion? Yes. Okay, that was it. That was literally it. I've been on like five times in the last whatever weeks. Zion, come on, that's like number one, Tommy. This is a Zion-friendly show. I think we saw this season that you can build a team around Zion being your number one guy. You proved it all throughout the year. It just, I mean, as a fan of basketball and on this show in particular, it did. I mean, it is a gut punch to see the way he went down in the midst of what he had, 40 points, 11 rebounds. Biggest game of his year. Biggest game of his career. He was playing the best game of his career. And biggest. They had a great chance to win that game. And if they had won that game, the whole tenor of the Zion-Williamson conversation, it's totally different. But they feel like they can build a team there. The big question is, who are you surrounding that group with? And David Griffin said right after the season ended, we are going to make changes we're not going to be complacent in new orleans and so he kind of put the clock on the pelicans to make moves around zion williamson to make that team better two guys to keep it honest e.g mccullum he's got a few years left on his deal but brandon ingram most importantly uh he's going to be an expiring contract entering the last year of his deal 36 million dollars do they extend him this year there was some frustrations with him in the lineup in the in the offense uh at the tail end of the season he got benched in one of the playing games he had an incident with willie green in the locker room where he essentially challenged willie green like get me the ball uh do your job i need the ball in my hands help me out and so they they have some stuff to figure out there but this team took a step in the right direction and yes i do think we need a fully healthy zion wilson but if he is able to be healthy you think about all nba you think about all those things are all the same thing about the shoes you think about the the billboards yeah you think about the bright lights you think about the titles you think about the legacy you think about the photos of him with trophies it's just about health just about health with zion that's it, and health. Did you say help or health? Well, health for sure, because individually, the fact that he was able to propel that team, I mean, they could have won that play-in game, and they could have advanced late in the season in a much better position if Zion doesn't get hurt. So, health is the most important thing. Health, right after. All right. You're the man, Sh Help right after Alright you're the man Shams we appreciate you Helping us I love that you're the best man You truly are and thank you for giving us All the information that we need not only to survive But to thrive in the sports media world And also if you can find That 100 point game Other than just a photo We're going to stream it here Alright we'll go straight to the of Fame, too, I think. Ladies and gentlemen, Sean Friul. Yeah. It's coming. All right. Let's not get to a break. Okay. Because the person that's joining us here in a matter of moments, he's going to be throwing gas. Yeah. Have you heard about this, AJ? No. What's going on? I think I know. I think I might have an idea of who will be throwing gas, though. We'll make an announcement right now. This man right here will be on the program tomorrow. Yes. 1-10 Eastern Standard Time. Boom. Hell, yeah. Yeah, Skains. Can't wait to talk to Skains, who went out 10 Eastern Standard Time. Boom. In the screen. Can't wait to talk to Skeens, who went out there against the Cubs and just threw faster than anybody. He's already in the history books now. Had a couple ducks on the paw in the fourth inning, and obviously the Pittsburgh Pirates say, no, we're not going to let you work yourself out of this. We're actually going to take you out of the game in inning before you could even get a win if this thing was to go on and end it and maybe throw it a splinker throw that nobody else has ever seen and cause double play and get you out of this but nonetheless Paul Skeens lit up all of Pittsburgh as a baseball game stole the conversation in the Three River City because from warm-up where he played Charles Wesley Godwin's Q Country Roads, which is a perfect warm-up song for this particular man in Pittsburgh. I love it even more. But you got people all over Pittsburgh talking about this dude as if he's a Pittsburgh Steeler. They're talking, hey, big countries. He's fucking worth the price of admission. You'll hear the catcher's mitt pop. You can hear that thing in the fucking outfield. They're saying about this guy. They love him. I think everything went well, except for the fact that he has a 6.75 ERA now, because when he wasn't pitching, two guys ended up in... Yeah, he only gave up one run, but there was two guys on when he got pulled. Next pitcher came in, threw underhand. Those two go in. Now all of a sudden he gives up three and four. They do the math, you know, because there's nine innings. So nine divided by three, what's that times? Oh, 6.75 if he was to play the entire thing. So he has a 6.75 year, which is shit. Isn't that shit? Yeah, it's not going to matter. I mean, one start. If he throws seven innings, his next start, and doesn't give up any runs, that thing's going to... Okay, good. Ladies and gentlemen, joining us now is a man who can maybe break down how this is going to work for Paul Skeets. I think he's got 24 more games to be played if Sean, the mayor, Casey's numbers were accurate. And I watched this guy play baseball. I'm a baseball program watcher. Jet Passer. Yeah jet passer yeah good to see you jet gentlemen how are you i'm fucking great the truth i think you are i you you care about baseball right now it's unbelievable like i love to see this like there was genuine excitement in your voice about paul skeens and about the pittsburgh pirates god bless that man for getting drafted there because you would not care otherwise. Amen. Amen. And I don't know if it's good for baseball, but I will say for me, it has been a nice added benefit to my life knowing that there's this massive fucking country dude. Yeah. Who just started throwing a hundo within like the last three years of his life, four years of his life. And all he cares about is baseball. three years of his life, four years of his life, and all he cares about is baseball. We told him about a zoo here in Indianapolis, which is literally right next to the ballpark in which he pitched for the Indianapolis Indians. That's their name, the Indianapolis Indians. There's a zoo right next door. He had no idea the zoo existed. The guy had no fucking idea. We're like, you can literally see the chimpanzee exhibit from the mound probably especially with how tall you are i didn't even know that because all he did was sleep and throw baseballs now he's in pittsburgh and everybody knows the song and dance he's going to become great he's going to go somewhere else they're going to pay him hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars and he's going to be a success story but now that he is a pirate i would like to enjoy this because i feel like we're watching an actual potential history maker here right this guy can change the whole fucking sport, potentially. Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to go... Sean Casey said he could throw 105. He might be able to get to a point where he's throwing 105. Eventually, eventually. He needs to add some muscle, and then he can. Is that healthy? He's not going to throw 105. You don't want him to throw 105. Yes, I do! What? That He's not going to throw 105. You don't want him to throw 105. Yes, I do. That's what I like. I like balls thrown fast. That's what I fucking like. And I feel like one leads to another. And if he's throwing 102, 103, he hasn't even shaped up yet. He hasn't even gotten to that Randy Johnson level of staggering presence up there on i mean it's just like this guy's good for baseball for me personally especially because he's a pirate now so it's a little bit closer and i got friends that went to the game and they're like you should fucking see this guy whenever he walks it's a whole thing go ahead pat here's here's why he's going to be good for baseball because over the last 20 or so years as the starting pitcher has become less and less important in baseball so we've seen more guys uh and more innings out of the bullpen um paul skeens is a guy who you can look at on your calendar and say i'm gonna watch that guy pitch because i want to see something incredible happen there's not a lot of appointment viewing when it comes to starting pitchers anymore because frankly guys aren't allowed to go complete games. Guys aren't allowed to go past 100 pitches but this is a guy who went 120 pitches in the College World Series. This is a guy who wants to go deep into the game. This is a guy who throws harder as a starting pitcher than anyone we have ever seen before and so even if you don't get the 105, you're going to get a consistent 100. And the closest thing I can think is Jacob deGrom. I mean, when deGrom was at his best when he was going out there, you had to watch it because it was so good. But that was New York. This is a guy who's in Pittsburgh now. And on top of that, they've got Jared Jones in that rotation. And he's not quite Paul Skeens, but he is pretty darn close in terms of watchability. And the Pittsburgh Pirates, all of a sudden, with those two guys, have become one of the most exciting teams to watch in all of baseball. And they woke the bats up, too. You know, they woke the bats up. I guess the wood for the Buccos had been off for a snooze for a while. That's why they were 3-13 at one point through a 16-game stretch. But you see that big country fuck throw the ball 102 miles an hour. You can't help but swing harder. And I think that's what's happening over there. Look out. Look out. The Pittsburgh Pirates. What? What? You think they're going to win? No. He's from California. You know that, right? Nah, went to LSU, listens to Charles Wesley Godwin from West Virginia. Cue country rubs. Just because a guy's got a mustache and went to LSU does not make him country, does it? Okay, have you listened to his warm-up song? Have you listened to his warm-up song? There's some cowboys out in California. Have you listened to them talk? Yeah. The Compton Cowboys. Right here. Yeah, they ride horses in Compton. I saw that on Amazon Thursday Night Football. Boom. Marshawn Lynch was on the back of a pony in Compton. That's right. At a ranch. Nonetheless, country must be countrywide, pal, because all you got Paul Skeens listening to is Q Country Roads as he's warming up in the middle of Pittsburgh, this guy. And he's just a fucking love ball. Throwing heat. Fucking love baseball. That's fucking all he does. He does. He's perfect for Pittsburgh. We'll never be able to, let's say all works out well. Okay? They trade him soon. Okay. See, that's what I'm saying. Just hold on. No, they're not going to trade him. You No, they're not going to trade him. You know what they do? No, they're not. They're going to pay him $500 million? How does it work? No, no, no, no. They won't trade him. No, they're not going to pay him $500 million. I don't think they're going to trade him, though. I really don't. I think you got  when you're the Pittsburgh Pirates and you have the opportunity with a guy like Skeens At the same time coming up, that's a window that's opening. And if Bob Nutting, the owner of that team, does not go out and start spending significant money this offseason to build around those two. I know, you can laugh all you want. He just sold seven springs. He's got money right now. He's got money. That's one of the best ski slopes in Tubin Hills in western Pennsylvania. He just sold it. He's got the money to pay. Bring in Shovel. Old western Pennsylvania. Shepard Sprague's the real deal, brother. You get up there, you get on Tube, you know you're going to have a good day. You know you're going to have a good day up there. Nutty ain't going to spend money, Jen. What do you think this is? What the fuck are you talking about i know i i think look i i think it has to happen at some point it just has to or major league baseball should look at owners who don't spend money and the major league baseball players association should go and and frankly hold them accountable because especially if you have this opportunity with two guys like skeens and jones if you ever want to be seen as a real major league baseball franchise then you unequivocally need to step up and act like it when you've got guys like that and and it's on the pittsburgh pirates right now to do that they're getting crowds there they're gonna have people coming to coming to watch those games they're gonna sell their concessions they're gonna sell their park they're gonna do all those things this summer all the things that they've wanted the crowds are gonna be there baseball go out and reward them period okay amen i like that a lot ty has a question for you. The Zambelli fireworks shows are about to be phenomenal. They might have. What if they have Skeens throw a baseball to hit something? Like a WrestleMania stage reveal. Paul Skeens stands on the mound, turns around, throws it out to center field. There's like a target. Hits it. Zambelli fireworks show. He goes, Just have him throw it into the Allegheny from there. Just Cranberry fireworks show. Just have him throw it into the Allegheny from there. Just have him fucking crow hop and just throw it into the fucking river. So, like, he has the strongest arm in all of baseball right now? I don't know. I mean, up there. If it's not him, he's one of the two or three strongest. Mason Miller is probably going to be stronger than that. Mason Miller is the closer for the A's who's regularly throwing 103 and 104. He's likelier to get to the 105s. I didn't know this fucker existed! The A's fucking suck, but this son of a bitch is automatic. I mean, if they have a lead and he comes in, game's over. 103? 104 miles an hour? I didn't know that existed! What? He's very good. Hopefully they continue to suck and they'll get rid of him at some point. Yeah, bring him to the Pittsburgh Pirates. You got the Hundo boys to first. Let them play five innings, pal. Who's the skipper down there in Pittsburgh that I need to motherfucker for this entire thing? It's not Jim Leland. No, you're damn right. Jim L saying skeins do your thing let him play five innings right there isn't that the thing in baseball okay can i can i tell you why that happened so the the reason that skeins is coming up right now as opposed to the beginning of the season well there are a couple of elements to it number one the pirates didn't really know how he worked they saw him for six and two-thirds innings last year after he got drafted and they wanted to understand you know after an offseason what how his body is working what his preparation is uh and built him up slowly so that he could spend the majority of the season with the organization in the big leagues and not have to get shut down like steven strasburg did or like pitchers have in the past you remember with java chamberlain you know they would start and stop these guys. Pirates didn't want to do that. And so the idea was to build him up slowly. And, Pat, if the most pitches you've thrown over the first six weeks of the season is 75, going out there and going past 80, 85 into the 90, 100 range probably isn't the best thing to do. You just need to have some patience in this situation. You're going to see a lot of Paul Skeen starts. And, you know, he has been on board with this. Would he have liked to have started with the big league team? Of course. Would he have liked to have thrown every inning with the big league team? Sure. But he understood that this is a progression. And, you know, we haven't seen a number one pick debut as quickly as teens did uh in decades like that that is how quickly he ascended and he looked the part i mean the stuff is about as good as you're going to find in major league baseball right now seven strikeouts four innings 84 pitches and uh gives up two runs that he put on, I guess, the next pitcher did. So that counts again. I just learned what an ERA is this weekend too, Jed. Congratulations. Yeah, that's called an inherited runner. When you bequeath a runner to a relief pitcher, when you leave a runner on base, yes, bequeathed with a TH, when you leave a runner and a relief pitcher inherits it, and you give up an inherited runner. What's going on here? What's going on? Did you say? What did you say? Just so I can put this into my Rolodex of words here. B-E-Q-E-U-E-A-T-H. You need to be a little bit better with it. The T-H is the important. Thank you. That's not what I heard. Yeah, I heard bequeath. To leave something to someone else. There you go. Okay, so he bequeathed. Yes. He bequeathed two guys on base. But he could have thrown the splinker, double play. But this next guy comes in, throws the floater as if it's rookie of the year, and all of a sudden those bequeathed guys are in, and now it's on Skeens' ass? I don't know how that works. I don't know how that works. What the hell? I don't know how that works. But baseball, I appreciate it. You guys got to figure it out. You guys got to figure it out. Ty's got a question for you, Jet. Jet, at this point of the season, what do you think the biggest surprise is thus far? Of course, stop. Just got some news. The guy throwing 103-104 is from fucking Pittsburgh. Of course he is. Of course he is. We've got American Heat over there. Bring him home. You've got to have him on the show, Pat. Like, this has been a baseball program lately. I just learned he existed. I had no idea this guy existed. He's from Bethel Park in Pittsburgh. The original home of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds. Bethel Park High School. This dude's 25 years old, right out of Pittsburgh. Threw his absolute gas. Don't look at the win-loss record. It's not about that. It's not about that. It's about how many closers, winners, what the fuck is it called? How many saves. There it is. This guy has. He has so many of the saves. Sorry. Go ahead, Ty. Matt Miller, Pittsburgh guy. Yeah, he is an absolute dog. Mason Miller. Okay, Mason Miller. Even better this fucking guy. remember. You'll remember. He fucking throws it, doesn't he? Yeah, he does. Big leg kick. He throws it. He's got that leg kick. He really throws it. He said back in Pittsburgh in high school, he was just... He doesn't bequeath anyone. Bingo. Nobody gets bequeathed whenever this guy's out there because he's not giving Sorry about that. Mr. Miller can fucking spin it. He does. He does. He fucking paints the black and he throws gas. I've laid eyes on him a couple times this year. He's an absolute dope. He's got an intro song? What's that? He's got a cool intro song? He's fucking sucking. No one's there. I don't even know if they have a PA. Yeah, exactly. Oh, it's burning them down the middle. Let's just say that. A Pittsburgh guy. I'm so happy. Jet, at this point, like, is there anything that you would say is, like, the biggest surprise? It seems like all the teams who we thought were going to be good going in to this season are good. And, I mean, maybe outside, I guess the A's aren't terrible. The Nationals aren't terrible. The Nationals aren't terrible. But outside of that, is there anything that's really surprised you thus far? I mean, like the little KC on my shirt here. The Royals are 25-17 right now. Whoa! Yeah. And the Twins are good. And the Cleveland Guardians are good. I'm not trying to be the Midwest homer here, but this is a Midwest program. You have a lot of people in the Midwest who watch this show. Both Central divisions are very interesting right now with the Brewers and the Cubs as well and the Pirates holding their own with Skeens coming in now. I like Central time zone baseball right now. And I think there are a lot of good teams going on. And frankly, Ty, the Yankees are better than I thought they were going to be. I'm not just trying to pander to you right here. Me too. They look good, and they're doing it without Garrett Cole. Bingo. And the fact that Cole is throwing now and working his way back up. If Garrett Cole comes back, that's starting pitching. Luis Hill, you can't take him out of the rotation. You can't take Clark Schmidt out of the rotation. Marcus Stroman's been good. Nestor Cortez has been good. Carlos Redon's been good. As much as it's been the Aaron Judge and especially Juan Soto show, they have stayed healthy on the position player side, and their starting pitching's been nasty and that's why they're 27 and 15 right now and you know step for step with the orioles let's uh let's stay in the pitching realm but not really necessarily connor has a question for you yeah jet is there any update on the ipe mutsuhara and shohei otani deal we saw or heard last week rather about some middleman in california who was on the real housewives and is a husband to somebody who was getting money from it bay what's going on there and is he definitely going to jail for 30 to 50 uh yeah not 30 to 50 don't know how long he's going to be going to jail for but he did uh he did enter a guilty plea so he's gonna go to jail at least they're saying 30 years maybe. We're talking maybe 15, right, if you're taking a deal or whatever. A lot of that in jail. Yeah, I don't have details, honestly, on how long he pays going to jail. But the fact that he's going to prison, period, it's kind of a wild ending to this whole thing. Remember when this started? Remember that morning, Pat, that you found out about this? And it was a wild, wild unfolding of this story. And to think that as quickly as it happened, a guy would be ending up going to jail. That is, it's such a, listen, I've talked on this show about, you know, the complaint and all of the information in that. But I will say, having seen plenty of situations that end up in jail time, this one wrapped up so quickly and so tidily. It's only going to fuel the conspiracy theorists out there who believe that I'm just saying it, like it, it has all happened in like record time for, for criminal justice. Oh my God! Wow! This guy. Bomb! Pick a line. Here we go. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Wow. Good dinger. Good dinger. Good swing, Patrick. Let's go baseball. That one was tracking for the camera, too. Yeah, it was pretty good. Square. Yeah. I really pull. Yeah, it was pretty good. Square. Yeah. I don't really pull or push much. I can go oppo if I need to. Oh, yeah, of course. That looked dead center. What's the furthest yard? What's the record? What's the course record? What's the course record here, huh? What's the course record? What's the course record here, huh? What's the course record? All right. Jet, we appreciate you, man. Anything else we need to know about baseball right now? Seasons all re-enclosed. There's lots of good stuff going on in baseball right now. How many games? Only like 130. How many games we got left? How many games we got left? How many games we got left? Like 130. No, 120. Sorry, 120. We're at like the 42 game mark. That's better. You're back in. 120 games left. That's it? This is where it starts getting good, brother, when the weather starts getting hot. Skeen's might be going 110 in June. What? Yeah, when he starts getting real loose and he's sweating, He's going to be fucking that thing. One big country gets back into the humility. Exactly. It's good. You won me over. I'll watch 120. He's got how many games left? 24? Yeah, probably, give or take, if he stays healthy. Hey, it was great seeing you on Monday Night Raw. Thanks for coming. The kid was awesome. Oh, the best. He loves it, man. And you and Cole just turning around during the commercial breaks and acknowledging and chatting with him made his day. So thank you for that. Much appreciated. No, we're acknowledging you, Jed. And then obviously if he's with you, we'd obviously like to say hello. You and Cole are like best baseball besties I've heard. Oh, Cole was sending some texts to me last night. Michael Cole on the Mets is the funniest shit in the world. It truly is. I asked him, when was the last time you enjoyed a Mets team? And I was thinking he was going to say like a year, you know, two years ago they were really good. Cole says 2000. I was like, it's been a quarter century since you've enjoyed the baseball game. Every single game, 120 left or whatever, it's every single game. We'll be in the middle of a show. We'll be in the middle of Monday Night Raw and the Mets will be playing, and we'll go to commercial break. You go, Mets are down 3-1. I'm like, what are you talking about? He's got it on his phone. I'm like, upset at me. He's invested. He's fully invested. Completely. When you guys were in Kansas City, the Mets were throwing a no-hitter. I think it was through, like, six or seven innings. And he turns around to me during the commercial break, and he's like, they're going to blow it. He just hates them. He loves them them and he doesn't believe in them for one second and it's the most hilarious thing and i just like you know when he's texting me about this i'm just like oh yeah oh yeah tell me more cole tell me more and he just keeps going i just get a briled up well thanks for being his baseball therapist and know that every piece of information you give him about the mets he's living and actually dying with so you owe a lot of. You hold a lot of power in that man's head, Jet. Oh, trust me. I wield it with precision and to exercise the maximum pain. And I really enjoy doing that. That's good journalism. That's good journalism. Cole went to Syracuse. He gets it. Jet, we appreciate you, brother. Hopefully we'll continue to chit-chat with you. When's Paul's next start? Tomorrow? This week? No, no. A couple days. Paul's next start probably going to be Friday. He's on show tomorrow. 110 Eastern. Ooh. I will be watching. What should I ask him? Ask him if he's not country he's fucking big country yeah we need good questions okay what do we even already know that yeah you know what you know what i'll i'll send you guys some questions thank you we'll see if they're good questions glad to do it try to stay in the espn family much love okay no problem but also you make us look better because we're asking questions that people in the baseball world you know ty normally does that but if we have access to talk to this guy you know at least give us some hey people would like to know about because all i'm going to ask about is i heard 105 do you think 105 that's going to be my questions you know just want to let you know so if you want to you know ballpark some things that are going on i would love to hear it but i'm not asking about youth baseball pitching numbers and everything okay no don't be too journalistic. You know how I operate. We're not that deep. You know what I mean? We're right up here. You're a top-end journalist right there. I mean, we know you employ one, and Ty Schmidt, his breaking news efforts this offseason were tremendous. Yeah. Fuck that guy, okay? Yankees are good without him. I can't wait. I don't know if they play interleague this year. I can't wait for that little sawed-off fucker to come to Yankee Stadium. He's been awesome so far. Why are you so mad at him? Why are you so mad at this guy? Because he's been great. He's been fantastic. He has been fantastic. But you know what? I'll hold on to that first game in Seoul. I'll hold on to that one The big guy, he's great He gave up like fucking 8 runs in 2 innings Hey, guess what? He ain't playing in the Japan Baseball League anymore, pal Or whatever the fuck it's called This is the MLB This is where all the big boys are playing So I get that you want to go play with Grandpa Shohei Or whatever the fuck Jet said the next day Oh no Oh no Why? Why? Because guess what? The day, but... Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Ah, fuck a wah-wahs. Oh, no. Guess what? The Yankees don't fucking need him. I'll tell you what. He could sniff fucking Masahiro Tanaka's jockstrap, and Jet knows that. He might not say it, but he knows that. What? I think Ty would like to sniff Masahiro Tanaka's jockstrap. Nailed it. Gladly. Gladly. I mean, Yamamoto did have the no-hitter alert the other night last week. He did. Oh, yeah, from MLB Network. That was one of the greatest things I've ever seen in my entire life. Legitimately my entire life. Did you see this, Jet? No. They go, no-hitter, before the game even starts. ML They go, no hitter before the game even starts. MLB Network, who I think is a bunch of hilarious human beings. How has he not seen this? They go, we have a no hitter alert before the game even starts because they're taking on the Marlins, who I guess stink. So they're going, they have a no hitter alert here before the game even starts because of... Yeah, Yamamoto. Oh, and then did he give up a leadoff homer? First pitch. First to give up like a leadoff homer first pitch first pitch gone it was literally within a 35 40 second thing i i loved it i loved every moment of it and it's like all right baseball here we go we got a long summer 120 games left let's make sure paul skeen's pitching at least 70 of them yeah okay we need that at least make it happen all right hey jett we appreciate you brother i'm i'm like uh i think three for five on homers with you on air. So I appreciate you bringing me luck. Oh, listen, it's all your skill, Pat. I'm just here to witness it. No, it's in between the ears. And what you do is bring me up. Ladies and gentlemen, the Jet, Jeff Bassett. Yeah, Jet. Before we get out of here on this glorious Monday, we covered baseball. We covered hockey. We covered basketball. We covered basketball. We covered football. A.J., Ravens, Chiefs, Thursday, September 5th, kicking off the 2024 NFL season when ratings are going to be bigger and better and the game is going to be better than ever, A.J. That's what the NFL does. They give us what we want, right? They give the fans what they're looking for. I think this is great. That's why, you know, Roger Goodall and the rest of the squad, they kind of have their finger on the pulse. They know what the fans want to see. They certainly do. And Lamar Jackson versus Patrick Mahomes, night one. And then we'll go down to Sao Paulo, Brazil, Eagles, Packers the next day. And then, obviously, Sunday kicking off the rest of the slate should be a fantastic start to an NFL season that we can't wait for. That's just 115 days away. And if you ever need to know the amount of days, you can go right to Boston Connors Twitter account. It's right in the info. Yeah, it's right in the bio. You update that every single day. Every single day. We appreciate your service. Hell yeah. Almost there. I don't know if you saw it this weekend, but Derek Lewis knocked another dude out. His nickname the black beast and i think what his name should be is guy who doesn't move that fast but carries fucking refrigerators off of his wrist boom bang pow and the ref said you know what let's make him eat another 10 shots from derrick lewis the guy with some of the heaviest hands in the history of the octagon most knockouts in ufc history he continues to add to that record he's 38 years old and said that he's in his prime and he's only getting better i think for the first couple rounds i actually watched the fight first couple rounds he was trying to like prove that he could be a grappler and maybe do some jujitsu and then his corner actually said to him hey hey let's just knock this fucking guy out what are we even doing then he goes out and goes all right i guess we'll do that just stands there casual hey casual casual boom dead see you later big win for the black beast we go on to take his uh shorts off and moon croc yeah that's right to a big ovation because he is must watch must see and i assume dana white is incredibly pumped that he is a part of the ufc i was lucky to catch it i don't know if you guys saw around the rest of the MMA world. Also huge in Poland. Really? KSW 94. KSW 94. There have been 93 others. Greatest entrance in the history of fighting comes from our guy, Artur Spazilka. That's right. Spazilka comes out in a full tank. He's gassedka. That's right. Spazilka comes out in a full tank. He's gassed up. He's attached. He's asleep. Or is he in a coma? We don't know. The doctors are walking him out. Is this guy going to be able to get woken up in time for his fight? He's coming out of the stage. Look at the lighting, the sound. This guy must be a star. There's sparks flying. must be a stud there's sparks flying wow is this the best entrance ever people are saying in a polish language that we certainly can't speak and then once he was all the way up get me out of here he said with his eyes the doctors open it up and holy shit holy shit wow he's awake how he's been reborn how he is alive he's smiling and he seemingly knows exactly where he is he's walking to the octagon what would happen he'd get his ass fucking knocked out in 14 seconds by arcadius rosick in the green he just walked out normally got some ads on his back and on his chest says Says, excuse me, buddy. I'm going to send you right back to the fucking gulag. Head off the mat. Knockout. Dead. Put him back in the fucking thing. Seal. Royal watch. Ad on his back. Monster at KSW. 94. 14 seconds is all it took. Took him longer to get out of the fucking thing than to get knocked out by the mat in which he was thrown off the ground. He was literally spiked off the ground and knocked out. I don't like it because I like the showmanship here of Archer's but it was better pre-fight than an actual fight for Spazulka on that particular reason. Did he ride back in the transportation afterwards or what? What did he do for Spazulka on that particular reason. Do you ride back in his transportation afterwards or what? What do you do? I'm not sure. I am not certain. I saw those two clips back to back in the group text from Bailey McComas. I see the first video was his entrance. I'm like, oh, Bill must have meant to send this to his like, MMA baddies. Or whatever the hell. Bill's group text is. Yeah, 100T, this dude is like his funny money mma baddies or whatever the hell yeah the hundred t's yeah hundred t whatever it is so i look at this and i'm like this is a pretty dope fucking thing i get caught i get like sure mesmerized by it i'm like this is sweet i like the way he eyes closed the entire time he bought into the bit there was no he didn't he never opened his eyes is he is he cryogenically frozen is that what's going on there? I guess, right? He's going to look cold. He didn't have enough time to thaw out. Well, I think my favorite part, like at some point you'd open your eyes to see if it's all working. Are we done yet? The amount of faith and trust that he had in everybody else was well warranted, I guess, because they executed it perfectly. And then everybody says immediately well it's hard to train for a fight when you're fucking frozen you know yeah no point guy missed out on training but he made a hell of an entrance i don't know what's worth more at the ksw 94 but i think at least the entrance should win and maybe performance of the night and then he gets his head thrown off the ground first time i've ever seen a mat knock a dude out yeah me too i mean i'm pretty sure the mats over in Poland are a little harder. What, you think they're tougher? Yeah, I think they use concrete. Are you going to tell Dana White that his mats are getting their asses beat by Polish mats? No, because I don't think that's good for the UFC. If they're getting knockouts on mats, I want knockouts on fists, of course. Yeah, like. And kicks. And dergloves. He was doing wrestling shit. He was really doing it. The other guy, I think, is a pretty good grappler. Had him down. Derek was just eating elbows for a portion of it. He didn't even care. God, I walked over to his corner. His corner was like, maybe we just... He literally just walks out there and does it. It was awesome. UFC is every fucking week. It's every week. guy out please and then he literally just walks out there and does it was awesome it was a ufc's every fucking week yeah it's every week oh you crush and then um right after this was top rank in perth australia where the ring announcer announced the wrong winner yeah correct that was pretty cool too man it's a great night of fighting yeah it was a great night of fights uh i just got a text message from J.J. Watt, I guess. Sorry, it was a tweet. Not much of a challenge. Crossbar challenge from J.J. Watt. Oh, soccer? That's not bad. I mean, that's certainly not bad. That's not terrible. Not a bad little leg swing there from J.J. Okay. Not bad. That's not terrible. Not a bad little leg swing there from JJ. Not bad. I think he should feel very comfortable going into Conkey Foots cup down there at TST. He's going to score a bunch of goals. He is. Nice. That's actually a pretty good little thing. That's not bad, huh, Gumps? Coach Gumps? Yeah, that's pretty good. Pretty impressive. First try, probably. Yeah, let's give him a call. That thing's moving. That was on a rope. Wow. Bam. Breaking news! Breaking news! Antoine Winfield Jr. is now the highest paid safety in the NFL. A deal has been completed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Antoine Winfield Jr. We had Jason Light on last week, and he said, that deal's getting done before I go on vacation, pretty much. And here we are on a Monday having it be announced. Congrats to Mr. Winfield Jr., who obviously has been playing since his rookie year, wins a Super Bowl, is a veteran, is beloved. And Jason Light said he's a future Hall of Famer. He's going to get paid his one. Congrats on $45 million guaranteed. That's a huge move down there, AJ, that Jason Light was alluding to. Yeah, he's one of their foundational pieces on defense. The guy came in from day one and has been a star. And when the GM is on a program like this and says, yeah, he deserves to be the highest paid safety in the league. I think he's the best one. You know it's going to get done sooner rather than later. And it sounds like it was pretty much almost done when Jason Light was here. Antoine Winfield Jr., one of the best safeties in the league, obviously. Oh, yeah, one of the best DBs in the league. And play like he might be the highest paid DB. What, four years, $84 million? I know $45 guaranteed, but he can do everything. And that Todd Bowles defense, he can blitz, he can cover, he can play the So he's everything you want at that position. Great to see this deal, especially when kind of safeties have kind of been devalued at the position. So great to see Winfield get paid. To your point, AJ, him coming on here saying he's a future Hall of Famer and he's going to get paid is one. His agent was like, oh. They must have had that thing. Who do you think his agent is? It was locked up. It was locked up, yeah. It's got to Okay. All right. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it from Dick's House of Sport, JJ Wong. Yeah, JJ. JJ, what's going on? You doing cardio right now? Just finished up. Half gassers. Remember those? I do. I just got a terrible feeling in my stomach and my mouth started to sweat as you mentioned it. Is this all for TST training right now? Yeah. Yeah, man. I'm just trying to make sure I don't go out there and do anything dumb. So I'm preparing the joints, the ligaments, the muscles. I'm just I have no idea what's going to happen, but I just want to know that I'm prepared. OK, well, and that's J.J. Watt football and J.J. Watt football. What was this? When's this from? This doesn't seem recent. This is back whenever you were in England. No, no, that wasn't that long ago. That was probably a couple weeks ago, I think. Kay and I went out to Phoenix Rising Stadium. Appreciate them letting me use it. And we did some crossbar challenge. I played some keeper. I got some more footage that I'll bring out. From that one day? Yeah, from that one day. I mean, I don't film in my backyard every single day. I don't have a full camera crew on staff, despite how much the internet thinks I do. Yeah. Well, you can get a tripod and put your phone on there. That's what I do. You can do that. You can do that. There's no way that's what you do. You've got like 45 guys in your building. 100%. There's no way that you put the phone on We got 14 on our team. What's everybody else doing? I don't know. Editing podcasts? Coaching up a fucking team? It's after hours, brother. What are we talking about? We got a coach in here now. What are you even? I saw you at the Pacers game. Suns out, guns out. Everybody just so excited to see the Mac man in the building. It was great. Not everybody. There were some people you know pretty bummed out but it was great to be there uh how many takes that on that because the leg motion looks pretty smooth thank you no crossbar challenge is one thing that i can uh i'm pretty pretty proud of my skills and it took a couple takes obviously but not many i think that was my fourth try um nice the way you did it was like inside a foot like kind of a bending ball normally crossbar challenge people do like a little chop, like a little riser. So I appreciate your kind of take on it. I thought it was a phenomenon. I didn't expect that. To be honest, while I was watching it for the first time, I'm like, he's very big, like very big. Did not play soccer growing up, but obviously incredible athlete. And you're very humble, but you got to let fucking people know every once in a while i appreciate that i like there's definitely a part of me that wants to be super confident going into this tst don't worry like i think i'm going to surprise some people with my skills don't do it but man then there's that part of me that just feels like you know freezing cold takes coming back and i'm just gonna get absolutely destroyed freezing cold takes good people's obviously. Love what they're doing. I don't think any of us should be confident. I don't think any of us should be confident at all, JJ. I think at this point... You think, like, I mean, but there's also that part of me that's like, maybe we'll win it, you know? Maybe we'll just go out there. Yeah, you can win it. group you're in, brother. You're going to look so big on that field. Huge. Thank you, AJ. Thank you. If you'd just pull down. Motivational speech to my team before the game. They'd enjoy that. I can't do it to your team. I'm against your team. I'm concava. Oh, you're on Concava team. We got drum bangers. The Concava ultras, brother. I'll bring a Vuvuzela. Boom. You know what they have? Yeah. Vuvuzela, yeah. Boom. Vuvuzela. Yeah, that thing. I'll bring that. JJ, you think your team is going to be able to handle AJ with a Vuvuzela? I No chance. He's got to learn how to do it with the new teeth, man. It takes a little while. I'm going to start practicing. Sometimes when you're trying to say the S's with the new teeth, you sound like an idiot for a little bit. That's how I find it anyway. Have you done any of this? Have you done any? Oh, yeah. What have we got there? Exactly. All right. That's what I just heard. That's all she wrote. You got three weeks. I'm trying to make sure these hammies stay alive. What requires me to do that in North Carolina? What? What you were just doing. That's a cross coming in, and that's you heading the ball. It looked a lot different the first time you did it. What are you alluding to? What are you talking about? What does that mean? What are you insinuating, JJ? I didn't say it. I didn't know what it was. I didn't know what it was. I said this guy should be president. And here we are. Oh, my God. I don't have to work on that because literally I just rise up above everybody and it just donks in. I also like to divide my head for headers. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's good. All right. You're going to do great. I love it. I mean, you called me a mill. My hair is a disaster right now. It actually looks good. Oh, pretty presidential. Pretty presidential. All right. We appreciate you, ladies and gentlemen, J.J. Weyer. Yeah. Hey, hey, Is he still on? Call him back. Yeah, unfortunately. I don't like it. I don't like it at all. We're going to have to do a moment of silence. It happened, AJ. What we all saw happen. We all saw it coming down the road. It was nailing the crossbar. What happened? Yeah, what? Moment of silence for Burnley FC's time in the Premier League. Thank you. I thought I was going to scoot through without discussing it. Moment of silence. It's a moment of silence for your team. So we got the black cap on today. That's why we got the black cap on today. I love that this is what ESPN lets you use the airtime for. I appreciate that. Moment has passed, even though you are disrespecting the moment of silence that we're having for your team. Bud? We don't need a moment of silence. It's a moment of reflection, learning, and improvement to come back even better. Reflection and learning. No need to hide disappointment or frustration. It should hurt. Boys made a valiant run the last few months. Just wasn't enough in the end. Now we go again to the championship. Looking to relive these brilliant memories from one year ago. We go together. Up the clarets. That's the type of leadership we like seeing. Thank you for doing that, JJ. That's good shit out there. I'm sure the Burnley faithful were pumped. I mean, it was a tough day. There's no question about it. I mean, the Premier League is a tough league. It was the three that went up, went down. It was difficult. But looking forward to the championship. Last year, obviously, when we started getting involved with the team, we were in the championship, and I really enjoyed it. We obviously had a lot of success there, so I'm looking forward to hopefully repeating that success again and having a lot of fun days ahead, which will be a lot more wins to discuss on this show, hopefully, next fall. Up the Clarets! How come fucking Tyler and the dudes aren't saying anything? How come JJ's the one that's always taking it on the chin? True. Yeah, everything's too perfect over there, huh? What the fuck's going on? Some dude downtown. You gotta live with the good and the bad. If I'm gonna be there on the bus when we win the bottom and figuring things out so i'm with us all the way through did they lose when he was in england gump no they actually never lost when he was there oh huh and then you came back you came back you sack of wine i thought you cared about this team i wish they played in the summer so badly because i'd go live there all summer long i really would um it's perfect you know arizona in the winter l the winter, London in the summer. Get over to Burnley. It'd be great. Oh my God, what a perfect set-up that could be. You could do a Kid Rock remix all summer long. Oh yeah. I still want to get the boys over. One time, we'll take Pat's big jet and we'll all go fly over to Burnley for a match and we'll do a show from Turf Moor. Hey, sounds good. The owner of Burnley's flying us over there. That's great news. Sounds like you're paying for it. That'd be sweet. I can find the jet for sure, but you can certainly pay for it. Alright, we'll do that. You gotta connect. You actually do. I gotta talk to the people at ESPN because the championships, a lot of the games are put on ESPN Plus next year. Hey, that's business. Yep, putting that in the atmosphere. All right, who would be in charge of that? The ESPN Plus people that are in control of programming. Who's that? But the NHL, they just have every game, so I imagine it's the same for the championship. Yeah, every game, right? No, they pick like one game a week to put on. Oh, come on. One a week to put on. Oh, come on. One a week? I obviously have like we have an owner stream, so I can watch every game from anywhere in the world. But they, for like fans that don't want to watch, you can only watch whatever they put on. So let's just get as many as we can possibly get on ESPN+. That'd be great. I'll talk to the right people over there. You apparently have the best ratings on the planet, the best ratings on the planet, so I'm sure you got some polls. No, no, no. Yeah, we went to log into the owner stream. That's what we think we should be promoting. Yeah, log into the owner stream. So we're all in. It is a great stream because it's got our it has our local broadcast team on it. Oh, the lads. Yes. They speak into those microphones that are sideways. Yeah. Love that. With the little cover over the top are we going to park the bus ever when we have a fucking lead? I hope is that going to happen or I mean this is the thing though this is the thing now JJ Vincent Kompany is going to play how he did the last time you were in the championship and you'll get back up but we have to learn from this Kompany that's coach I love you JJ keep in mind I love you are you love you, JJ. Keep in mind, I love you. Are you going to park the bus at TST? No, I can't. Seven on seven. Don't you worry about it, pal. Don't worry about your own plan. Don't worry about my clipboard, brother. Yeah, and you have to win on a goal. You know, a goal, you know the rules? I do know that. I learned it from you guys. I was just looking at the rules sheet today, actually. Literally was. Okay. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, the owner of Burnley, part of the championship, J.J. Watt. J.J. Watt. All right, let's get the hell out of here. We appreciate you all so much for allowing us to do this for a living. They have been relegated, Don. up last year all got bumped down again i did hear him say that it's normal you know because i assume it was setting up so nicely though because burnley went up one nothing on tottenham and nottingham forest was down so they lost as well it was setting up for burnley nottingham forest final day and burnley would have had a chance to stay up somebody snorted into a light was that you aj i don't think so, no. I wasn't snoring. Same asshole disrespects Lionel Messi and Bones. That guy. Yeah. I hate to break it to you, pal, but Lionel changed his name to Lawrence Messi, and he's going by Larry now. And he plays for the United States of America. Yeah, and listen, I respect fucking Coach Jim Bones more than anyone on the face of the earth, So just slow down with that. Let's get out of here. This show sucks, dude. Hey, PGA Championship this week will be off Thursday, Friday. This week? Yeah. But where we will be headed is the Mecham Auto Auction. Amen. We will be headed there. We'll be watching Pga championship obviously from val hall got rory hot going in there scotty hot going in there brooks hot going in there tykes jacked tiger woods is gonna be all the way back he's gonna win rombo bombo why not a good time for him to come back and say you know what yeah I am the big dog in Spanish. You know, there's a lot of opportunity. You call him Warcawa, maybe his irons get hot. Blocky? Blocky's playing? Yeah. God, I hope Blocky misses the cut so bad. So bad. What? Why? Because, you know what? I want them to be dedicating Saturday and Sunday to the guys who are going to win and who everyone wants to watch, not like, oh, this is great, Blocky's back. He's eight over right now, but he made the cut. Let's go check with him for the next six holes. I'm done with that fucking shit, okay? I want to watch Scottie. It hasn't happened in a long time. Yeah, that's why. Well It's been happening a long time. Yeah. That's why. No. Once is too much. You got a hole in one. Yeah. That was awesome, wasn't it? Take that moment and get the fuck off the golf course. Sorry. Blocky doesn't deserve this. At all. I bet Blocky. He does not. Blocky's a good guy. Blocky's a great guy. He is. Blocky's a good time. Absolutely. Just because he's a great guy doesn't mean I want to fucking watch him on Saturday and Sunday at the PGA Championship. To be clear, I enjoyed watching Neil Shipley with Tiger Woods. That was awesome. Tiger Woods. Me too. Exactly. They were doing the Tiger Woods treatment for Blocky. Which, I mean, can you blame him? I couldn't. It's a shoe Off his hands were, his hands were sore. Think if he drove the ball 320 every time. 320? 320 is, 358, Rory drew it. Yeah, he wins the Wells Fargo. These guys, probably, these dudes are driving the ball so far. Yeah. Because I thought they were trying to do things for them not to drive the ball as far. Isn't that currently happening? They're trying to knock the ball down. They're trying to make the ball dead. Yeah, they're trying to slow them. These motherfuckers are hitting it 400 yards. I don't know how it's happening. It is. It's incredible to watch, but I'll be at Mecham Auto Auction. Yes. Here in Indianapolis. Yeah, dude. This thing is fucking lightning in a bottle, brother. Is that where you bought the Wrangler? Yeah, yeah. pull a trigger on anything i was like let everybody know i was actually going to buy my wife a car for mother's day i was going to get like a sweet mother's day ride because her car is currently in the middle of about 10 different issues that we got to get fixed so it's like i'm gonna make them something's gonna come through that'll be there was this truck that had flames on the front still thinking about it still thinking it was jacked up super jacked short truck short bed yeah it was it was the rocks truck from walking tall but it was it was orange with yellow flames on it i mean it was incredible it turned the corner for this auction we'll get a look at that thing holy shit holy shit there was a 2009 dodge neon we almost bought for talk because i heard talk don't have a car yeah that thing got up to 17 000 bucks we're like no way are we doing that. 2009 Dodge Neon. There was a Chevy Monte Carlo from maybe 98 or something like that. Had the official pace car painting on it from the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. So sick. That thing went for like $7,000. And then there was a Bronco that went for $185,000. And then there's a Ferrari that goes for like $210,000. It was spectacular. So much and then there's a Ferrari that goes for like $210,000. It was spectacular. So much fun. The show, awesome. The auctioneers are fucking showmen. You know, they're out there doing it. And then it's a museum of the nicest cars you've ever seen and just one after another after another and then the fucking custom truck comes through. Yeah. And it's like, wait a minute. And then there's an F-350 that's got fucking duallys on it. There's the truck. You didn't buy that? How did you not buy that? Believe me. I could not buy it. I said the same thing to him. How are you just sitting here watching all these cars go by? Connor said that like six different times. He's like, I have no idea how you are. I stared at this truck for like 10 minutes outside. It's unbelievable I bet a billion dollars that you left with the car. So it is, thank you for saying that I'm romantic and love my wife. This was a day before Mother's Day. I could not just show up at the house with a brand new fucking V8 truck. But if it was that one. You would have gifted that to her. That would have been pretty. Look at this thing. This is always for you. Dude, it was so awesome. You're going to love it. We were there for fucking three hours. I did not expect us to be there for as long as we were. And they took care. Thank you so much to Matt and I think Zach. And there's a Seth in there. Morton was in there. There was a great group. Curing Kids Cancer, I believe, is a foundation that they do an auction. We literally just sat down. And this lady tells the story of her son passing away to leukemia. And then they said like 4% of money that's raised goes towards kids, cancer. So she started something, they raised 29 million. And then they do, we do it like an auction and they're like, all right, who wants to donate 10,000? And I'm like, I don't know what's going on. 5 I'm like, I don't know what's going on. $5,000. They go, $1,000. And everybody's hands goes up sweet. And then the guy points to me and goes, $2,000? I'm like, yeah, sure, I'll go $2,000. He goes, $2,000. I'm like, oh, shit, I'm in a game now all of a sudden. And then $3,000. They're rolling around. And then the do we need he's like you got four thousand i'm like for that like for kids cancer they're like yeah i'm like yeah i'll get four no i'm out i'm out i'll get four like it's like me in a conversation with the person that's like handling my bidding to the actual auctioneer and he's like four thousand you have four thousand for kids cancer i'm like yeah i'll get four thousand bucks for kids cancer and then uh they go so all right i I want a gas station light up. Thing, yeah. I forget what it's called. From Mecham. Pretty neat. That was as we sat down. It was great. As soon as we got in the room, holy shit, welcome to the room. Here we go. It's all alive, though. There's people bidding in the fucking top. There's people on the internet. To the internet! $125,000 in the internet. Next car, K147. You got a nice 2004 Chevy Rebel. This thing's got a V8 underneath, brand new dealers. Now, it is a little bit old inside, but it's nothing but nice. And then it's like, all right, let's start out with $30,000. You got $30,000? And then nobody bids. They're like, $20,000? It's like, nobody bids. He's like, wait a minute, we might be able to steal one here. And then they go $15,000. And that fucker works all the way back up to like $60,000. Just powers through because all the sharks in the back are trying to like, we're not giving away how much we're willing to spend on this. It was a wild fucking Saturday. So much fun, though. Legit. That entire setup that they have. We talked about monumental how big that goddamn thing is. It is so much fun just to go. And, you know, you mix in a couple Jack and Diets, it never hurts either. Yeah, we had a couple beverages. Jack and... Don't say it. Don't say it. AJ, I texted you. And what? Jack and Diet what? You have to let the people know. I texted you immediately, didn't I? From Mecham, I texted you. Great Just say it. Just get it over with. Tastes great, right? They deserve to know. They do. Jack and Diet Pepsi is better than Jack and Diet Coke. It's not, but I understand where you're coming from. It is. I love it. It's sweeter. It's sweeter for sure. It is. If you love the booze portion of Jack and whatever you're drinking, Jack and Diet Coke is just fine. Okay. I understand whatever you're drinking. Jack and Diet Coke is just fine. Okay. I understand what you're saying. Jack and Diet Pepsi is certainly sweeter and tastes maybe more like just a regular soda pop. I'll tell you what. Those are going down smooth. We're watching these cars fly by. The best Jack and Diets I've ever had are in front of me. I got an entire day. I'm buying my wife a car here. This is awesome. And then that fire truck comes by and it really stops the whole show. They're selling a fire truck? Fire flank. My bad. Is this just Strictly Cars or are they selling tractors and cool other... Yeah, golf carts. They got two barns full. They got two barns full of fucking shit. I mean, it is. They're here for nine days. It's the second largest show we got. Kiss Me Florida is our largest. That's coming up in a few months. That's 79 Bronco. That's 79 Bronco there. The Bentleys don't go for a lot from what we've been learning. That 2008 Bentley convertible, there was a similar. It might have been 2007. I think it went for $29,000. Jesus. So automatically think to yourself, like, okay, that sounds like a good deal, but why is nobody in here bidding on that? You have to start looking into. And I think it's because, remember the Bentley we had, the air conditioning didn't work. Yeah. Nothing. Do you remember? Oh, my God. 73 Bronco. Yeah. That one right there. Wow. $95,000. That thing right there. You got a lot of fucking money in that room. And then there's people sitting on the phone and on the internet. It was alive, bro. You could get caught up in there quick, two, three hours. And then we went out and saw the cars that weren't even going up on that Saturday. They're saving for later in the week. Some of those are even better. Look at that 95 Chevy Impala Super Sport. Up. Some of those are even better. Look at that 95 Chevy Impala Supersport. Oh, boom. Look at that bad boy. Talk. That thing would have been bought with the quickness. Or wait, go back. The one next to it. Yeah, the fucking Chevy with the lift. Yeah, that's the one that, boom, 1970 C10. Yeah, right there. That looks like talk. I'm telling you, it's a good time. It's like a museum of cars just coming through. And then they'll mix in a fucking hilarious one. Yeah. Just for the shit. I think they get it. I think they get it. Them and- Oh, 96. Daihatsu Mirawater van. That's awesome. I'm going to need that. Going to need that. See, like- like there's little i like there's little uh tiny trucks right there that 2022 daihatsu whatever you say it i don't know why i've always liked the high jet dump yeah just yeah just to have it like around the yard use around the yard how about the 1996 f me rx7 honda civic shuttle if you want to go back to high school in the late 90s is that nix's Mitsubishi? It might be. The Lancer? Is that what it looked like? It used to be everywhere. Dude. It was WRX, okay? That's on me. Yeah, Subaru, bro. Hand up, hand up. All right. Let's get the hell out of here. If Mecham comes to your town, which I think it's once a month, I mean, it's worth a walkthrough. It's worth a walk through. It's like, jeez. We saw that thing, actually. Hummer? Yeah, we saw that in one of the lots. Yeah, waiting for Thursday. Oh, yeah. Old school. Yeah. Two miles to the gallon, but fucking head turn. Yeah. Good luck on the general, too. Saw the general was beating. Well, yeah, the general's about to sink all of his kids' college funds into a sword from, I think, was it the Civil War? Yeah, what was it? That was his heritage, brother. Yeah, it's from his town, and he's ready to basically cut off an arm to get that thing. Good luck to the general. There was a Chevy truck that was really, or a Chevy, what was it? Do we remember? Looks like a Bronco. Chevy. Oh, the. It was good. I almost bought it. There was a couple things I almost pulled the trigger. Yeah. But can't be going before Mother's Day and show up with a gift for yourself. No. Look like a real asshole. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Smart move. It was difficult for a couple of those things, though. Like the Scooby-D right there. Of course. You know what I mean? Yeah. Saw that thing. It's souped up. Yeah. Let's go on Thursday. I can always get there on Thursday. Time to go back. We might pull a full we might pull a full day at Mecham on Thursday. Time to go back. These are sweet. Dude, I'm telling it's fucking you just walk through these just rows You just walk through these rows of sick cars, and then you turn the corner, and there's a whole other barn, pretty much. Here's 2017 Vetter Stretch Limousine. All right, talk. That could be your every day. That was featured in Pitbull's Greenlight music video. Wow. That's one of my favorites of his. Absolutely. It'd probably be pretty easy parking that thing downtown, too. That was another big part of the issue is basically 67 to 74% of the cars that went through, within one block of leaving the state fair, those tires are all gone. Gone. Just because the  I mean they're-on moats in some parts. I drove downtown this weekend, obviously. Brutal. For the game. It's tough. I don't know how anybody with sport cars survive. Yeah. Legitimately, I have no idea how they survive. There's potholes everywhere or what? Everywhere. Craziest part is that it's better right now than it was two months ago. But you get caught which is wild and thank you to whoever's fixing them and good luck while you try to do that there's even some spots where you can't even avoid them because you try to avoid them so many people have avoided them there's potholes in the avoiding bingo so then there is replacement potholes already then you got cars coming the other direction it's like it's a real i don't know know how anybody drives a non-SUV or truck out here. Legitimately, I don't know. So that took away a lot of the cars that went through that looked really cool. It was like, that's a sick car, but that thing's dead before I even get it home. So you need an SUV or a truck, which is why that Fireflame's truck. Oh my God. It's a bummer Did the bid go on on that? The bid is going on. The bid's still going on? I don't know if it still is now. No, I cannot confirm. But the bid was going on on Saturday. The Thunderdome might need a... Still going on. The bid's going right now? It's currently at $30,000. Okay, that's where it was on Saturday. We won. No, no, no. It's after Mother's Day. The bid is not gone. I think someone just bought it. I don't think you can bid on it. Oh, it's gone. That's a shame. That's a shame. Happy nobody bought that or somebody did buy that. Yeah, they'll enjoy it. Yeah, it's gone. Kenny's back. Keep that updated. He's roaring all over the place. Oh, yeah. Hell, yeah. I thought you were talking about someone on TV over there. Yes, he is. Fucking jacked up right now, brother. I cannot wait to go watch these videos, dude. I'm so pissed. Let's get out of here. Monday Night Raw tonight in Greenville, South Carolina. Fucking good one. We got more King and Queen of the Ring tournament matchups. Let's go. It's going to be a big one. It's only 74 degrees down there. I assumed I was going to go get cooked in South Carolina. Not so much. I just assumed it was 100 and very human already. Me too. I woke up this morning mentally preparing to potentially die in South Carolina at night. Turns out 74 degrees should be perfect. Can't wait to get there. Oh, no. Okay. Zito's giving me updates on the kitty. Yeah. All right. Let's get to a... We'll be back tomorrow. Tonight should be awesome on Raw. USA Network, 8 p.m. Eastern. Also this evening, got some big ones. Celtics take on the Cavs in game four of that series. The Celtics are up 2-1. Thunder taking on the Mavericks. Mavericks are home. Favored only by a point and a half. Will SGA and the boys be able to get in at Big D and tie this thing up? We shall see in the NHL. Rangers can take care of the Hurricanes. And obviously, that would be something that would be great for the city of New York and the fans over there because the Knicks are about to get knocked out by the Pacers. And also in the NHL, Stars take it on the Avalanche. Good And also in the NHL Stars, take it on the Avalanche. Good luck to your Avalanche. They're down 2-1 in the series, AJ. Are they going to be okay? Yeah. We're back home. We're at home. We'll be all right. We're road warriors, brother. Texas hockey, best team on the road all year. Sorry about it. In the regular season, yeah. And that playoffs. People say it's maybe about the AA Center, but I'm not going to say that. They're not favorites. How's Jack feel? Jack feel good? Paws feel big? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, in whatever year he's been playing, yeah, he says he physically feels great. 20 years, 21 years, whatever it might be. Jeez. He's trying to get 23. He should, just like Bron Bron. How about 23 years? That'd be cooler Is that if he built it up Like he was going to do 23 the whole time And then he said, you know what, I'm going to come back for 24 For Kobe And then after Kobe, he'll say I'm going to come back for 25 like the moose Yeah, exactly, I want to be like moose He won't say like quarter of a century He'll say No, I want to be like moose And that's the show. We did it. Truly a good one today, boys. You should really take a bow. We really did. I don't know about that. Today we really did. Not from us, but. From all of us. Austin Rivers just sat right in the pocket. He's awesome, man. He loves. I like him a lot. I do too. I seriously shoot fan of Austin Rivers. Universe likes him. Oh, shit I do too. I'm a serious shoot fan of Austin Rivers. Universe license. Oh, shit. I got to shoot up. Yeah, Kaelin Clark, up and out. There you go. And that's going to happen a lot. There it is. Oh. Oh, you got robbed. I thought the hoop was bigger from up there. Fuck. Fuck that. I thought the hoop was bigger from up there Fuck Fuck that Kaitlyn Clark debut Regular season Thursday night Boom can't wait Then Pacers host the Knicks for another playoff game Friday night Indiana is the place to be We'll be back here tomorrow Be a friend tell a friend something nice It might change their life We're in this thing together Team on me team on three 1 2 3 team Good night.