Thank you. Thank you. so so so The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig. Stop. Stop. Damn it. Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. Tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want out! We want out! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello beautiful people and welcome to our humble abode, the Thunderdom. On this Sports Tuesday, May 7th, 2024. This sports program starts now. Sports are happening. Okay, every single night last night, there was a massive NHL game where the Florida Panthers just got absolutely dusted on the ice by the Boston Bruins, beating them 5-1. They did. In a game, in a series in which the Boston Bruins were underdogs. Obviously, they're fresh off of a Game 7 match. The Florida Panthers had a week break. Are they a little rusty? Will they be able to find it? We'll be talking about that today with Steve Levy in the second hour. Cannot wait to chat with the man who has covered hockey for like 30 years for ESPN. And obviously this year, the numbers for Stanley Cup, playoff, and hockey, through the roof. The whole world's watching hockey because it's fantastic. Hopefully the Florida Panthers won't continue to lay an egg every single game with the Boston Bruins out there. Now, obviously, Conman, who was a little bit nervous yesterday, is singing a little different tune this morning, even though he's got the Celtics tonight, even though the NBA last night is riddled with controversy because the Knicks got helped by the refs as the Pacers got screwed in Madison Square Garden. J helped by the refs as the Pacers got screwed in Madison Square Garden. Jalen Brunson puts up 40-some points and obviously gets a big-time win, but all anybody's talking about is how the refs screwed over the Pacers. The small market team, the Indianapolis team. You go into the big city, you think you're going to get a win? No. You can block a pass. You can block a pass with your hand like you do in basketball. They're going to say he kicked it. They're going to blow it dead. Right there, it's 115-115. That's three on one the other way with Vincenzo, who I understand is a shooter. But three on one, we're going to get a layup. Pacers are going to be up too. That's just with 50-some seconds left. It can't get any worse, can it? No, the refs Absolute rubbish and crop. Miles Turner, Vincenzo in the middle of this whole thing again. Okay, sweet fade, great name. I understand you're a great player, but that's flopping bullshit. Okay, Pacers should be up 1-0, but that'll motivate them. That's right. Speaking of being motivated, how about the reigning champs, the Nuggets? They're down 2-0 to this Anthony Edwards-led Minnesota Timberwolves team that is a bunch of dogs. So much so, they pissed off Jamal Murray, one of the stars of the Denver Nuggets, into throwing a towel at a ref, and then actually, yeah, your towel didn't have enough density. I couldn't get enough distance on it. Throwing an actual heating pad onto the court. Getting kicked. That's a heating pad. They put that thing into one of those little metal things and you put it on your back. Here's Jabal Murray with the heating pad saying, caught a damn foul! All the way on. They lose by 26 to this Timberwolves team. Here's the first toss of the towel at the ref. Doesn't make it all the way there, you see? So he needs something a little heavier. Gets the heating pad, throws that son of a bitch onto the court. And a display of frustration. Our sources are telling us this probably won't be a suspension, but a fine will obviously be levied upon Jamal Murray. Don't think Jamal Murray has the rap sheet to maybe get punished as much. We did hear Draymond Green say that if this was him, how do you word it, Darius? I'd probably be sent to Guantanamo Bay, I believe. Well, that's because you've been an asshole for 10 years. Jamal Murray, this is the first display I think a lot of us are seeing of him acting in this particular fashion, but there's videos coming out of the highlights zoomed in on how the Timberwolves locked down Jamal Murray last night. Seems like he was a bit frustrated at them. But the Timberwolves are going to do this I think the rest of the way. What a weapon. What a wagon. I think yesterday we all assumed that Joker and the boys would figure it out. Yeah, they'll figure this team out. Yeah, it was the first game. Whatever. Joker's still thinking about horse. Young team. Derby just happened. Yeah, exactly. Derby. These American horse can't run with my horse My horse, I mean, the Japanese horse is not bad because it kind of got cheated. Like that whole thing's happening. They'll figure out the Minnesota Timberwolves. Oh, then the Minnesota Timberwolves win by 26 points. Without Rudy Gobert, who just had a kid, congratulations, Rudy. Congratulations, Rudy. Not alone, obviously, Darius Butler just got introduced. Talks at the tables here at Boston Corner, at Ty Schmidt. Love the sea turtles. That's why we're drinking out of paper straws. Yeah, well, I hate the paper straws. That's the worst invention probably in the last 10, 15 years. Why do you think, though? Because straws involve liquid. Yes. And then paper's big nemesis since the beginning was liquid. Wasn't that kind of the thing? Yeah, it kind of foils liquid. So I don't know how it's supposed to work from jump, to be honest. Yeah, it feels like that was a bad idea, but I'm happy we got it right. Yeah, exactly. Are we saving turtles? Yeah, their noses. Are we sure? A lot of these places are actually just saying, oh, screw it. I saw a whole mess of turtles walking around outside yesterday that you wouldn't have seen any other time before the paper straws. No, it's not. They're just, the turtles are thriving so much since the switch to paper that they're just popping up in places they haven't seen before. Oh, so they got a little bit more moxie. Yeah. The turtles are walking, they're strutting around. Yeah, they're kind of, they got a little strut to it, yeah. Anyways, we're all out of paper straws. Even the people that love sea turtles more than anybody else yeah like my wife my wife is a massive like i think there's different there's like a uh avocado or agave is that what it's called yeah an agave straw yeah there's like an answer for it nonetheless the old plastic straws really yeah let's just go back to that i i get the sea turtles like they're doing great right now right so we can probably bring the plastic straws back and just kind of have like a hey don't throw these in the ocean or bodies of water. Well, that's the bigger conversation. Everybody's talking about the straw, the straw, the straw. What about just like, hey, even if we put it into where we think we're supposed to put it into, that goes somewhere and then that somehow still ends up in litter. So what am I putting a thing in the thing? Shouldn't we have a little different thing? Well, you can't decompose plastic, well, let's figure out something we can. Yeah. Okay? Smart people, let's figure out something we can. Exactly. And let's keep this whole thing moving because I love sea turtles. I don't want to see them sticking with straws. No, not at all. But I also don't want to, you know, be sucking through a straw that I can't actually use. You know what I mean? It's kind of one of those things. Hey, how Like, can we go every other? Can you get a pass? Then we're getting right back into the whole straws, if they're paper, it's trees. If we really had to choose, I mean, I'm choosing a good straw over sea turtles. I'm sorry. Whoa! PETA! Where's PETA? Sorry about it. I think that's fair. Sorry. You lived down there in Miami? I know. I see them. I see them. I see them a lot, too. You're stepping on them. I see them. That's what it sounds like. You're kicking them as they're trying to get back to the ocean. You don't litter down there. Why don't you just walk over to one of those things and just punch it in the mouth? Yeah. Why don't you just do that to a sea turtle? Because that's basically what you just did. You know what? There have been some videos so we might have to deep through. Okay. Is that right? That's the truth. Wait, turtles are racist? That's where it's coming from. I know you've seen the video. We got the same idea. Yeah, I know. You've seen it. Well, I know you're not going to have bright lights on the beach for the mating season. Hold on. Hold on. This is some deep-rooted, you know. It is May And I just learned turtles are racist. What? Turtles are racist. Makes sense. I'm not saying that. Franklin the turtle? I want to check the conclusions. Franklin, like the book? He's very inclusive. He's a racist man? Yeah, he's a very inclusive turtle. Was he this? Ninja turtles are racist? Was Franklin this guy? Give me my straw. Look at this. Look at this. I don't know that's pretty damning yeah that's a jack right there oh my god look at it goes it utilized oh my god what an attack oh white shoes sorry. Sir. Tables right this way. Follow me. Please. Wow. I've never seen that video. Okay. Now we're going to. I hope you're happy. Yeah. I hope you're happy. I've renounced my loyalty to sea turtles. Take your shirt off. I had no idea that they were this racist. Wheeze. This is mind-bending. Did they fight for the Confederacy, too? That might have been a tortoise. We don't know if that was a sea turtle. That's a good point. Snapping turtles. And that could be an extremist group of turtles. The proud turtles, if you will. Yeah, because these things like that. The proud turtles, if you will. Yeah, because these things like that. They mingle. They talk to each other. One half of the hammer died. Cowboys ton. Digs your ton. The Boston Bruins were underdogs in the series and in the game. Fresh off of Game 7 against Toronto on Saturday. Game on Monday. Us hockey fans who grew up in hockey tans would say, hey, sometimes a little bit of a rest, not necessarily great. You get a little bit of a rest, not necessarily great. You get a little rusty. I know Florida was potentially thinking about it as well. Kachuk brought it up like, hey, yeah, we're sitting around. We're eager to get back out there. Is this indicative of the whole... Has the line moved? What is the line sitting at now with the Boston Bruins, Florida Panthers? Because I think a lot of people were new to the hockey world and just saw what the Bruins and like you just assume that the Bruins are going to be favored over the Florida Panthers. Now after a 5-1, has there been any change in the series odds? There has been a change in the series odds. The Bruins are now minus 1-18 the last time I saw to win the series. Is this indicative of what's going to happen in the future? I don't know. The stat escapes me because of CTE, but there is a stat where teams that are coming off of Game 7, so teams that just played a Game 7 in the NHL going into Game 1, their record is very, very good. I don't have the exact record on top of my brain, but we talked about it a lot last year. Game 7 to Game 1, those teams fare very, very well. Now, does it fare very well for the rest of the series? That's to be seen. That's to be seen. That's 40 seconds in, and Swayman was on the show yesterday. I guess there was some people potentially in the Boston Bruins management who weren't necessarily thrilled that the Sway bra, the Sway guy, the Sway dude, the Sway man was potentially mixing up his routine coming on our show for seven minutes and... 53 seconds. 53 seconds yesterday. And what does he do is He's immediately upon the game. Oh, stands on his head with a top-ten save to start this entire thing. And, Dee Butch, if you're a Florida Panthers fan, you're watching that thinking to yourself, oh, he's seeing the buck yet again. It feels like a Swayman night that he's going to steal the show. And he did 5-1. There was goals from Geeky. Congrats to him getting on the scoreboard yet again. Geeky's becoming a real weapon for the Boston Bruins. Not that he hasn't been the entire year. Leroy gets on the stat sheet, obviously, with a beautiful goal. And I enjoy the – yeah, I mean, they were shooting high on Bob all night. We're going top. Boom. Barred down. We're going barred down. Carlo had a baby there, Brandon Carlo, I believe within the last 24 hours. Congrats to him, dude. Getting a big-time goal. And then Justin Brazeau in a huh? Huh? Cooking last night. And obviously, anytime you can watch playoff hockey, you're going to do that. But once that thing becomes 3-1, then 4-1, then 5-1, people think to themselves, boy, Florida Panthers are going to have to shake some rust off. The NBA last night, obviously, we talked about the Timberwolves beating the Nuggets and then the Pacers getting screwed by the refs against the New York Knicks. Tonight, there's NBA playoffs. Cavs at Celtics. Celtics are 11.5-point favorites. And then also Mavs at Thunder. Thunder And then also Mavs at Thunder. Thunder, favorites at home. The youngest team to make the playoffs per average in the NBA's history, I do believe. SGA and the boys over there. Favored by three and a half against Mavs. It's kind of a surprise. Yeah, kind of wild. Especially with Luka and Kyrie since they both have kind of established themselves in that first series. As, hey, this is going to work. They gave Kidd that extension but chet holmgren that tall son of a bitch he should cause some problems in the middle what pro wants oh god what pro needs i saw some stats i guess that's been run 1500 times yeah in like a month that company said you know what chet you know what sga we want you guys look like assholes we're gonna pump this thing right down the throats of anybody that'll watch NBA playoffs. And you know, I've gone full arc with it. I was uncomfortable the first time I watched it. It was uncomfortable. I was like, you're kind of catchy too. Good idea. And then as it just continues to show up, it's like, alright, they should have filmed maybe two, three, four different ones of these so they don't kill them because it sounds like the boys can sing carry a tune that's not the story of the nba the story of the nba right now is the controversy and are the reigning champs going to be able to get back into this or are they just going to keep throwing temper tantrums and throwing things on the court to tell us more ladies and gentlemen former 10th overall pick 12 year nba vet he's played for the pelicans clippers the wizards the rockets the Nuggets, and the Timberwolves. Obviously, a lot of those teams still alive. Ladies and gentlemen, Austin Rivers. Yeah, Austin! Oh, yeah. Love the intros. Hey, you look really cool right now, yo. Really cool. Let me tell you something. I channeled my inner Patrick Fee. I got no sleeves on today. The suns are out. The guns are out. I out. I feel pretty good, bro. The tats here. What do we have on the arm there? What do we have? It's pretty sweet. Come on now. The details on the work. We'll get to it another time, but it's pretty solid. I got a couple high school tats. Full sleeve? Does it go into the chest, shoulder, or no? We just stop right here. It goes into the chest, too. Did you do the Max Crosby route where he just took the surgery? Yeah, amnesia. That's the... I don't know if I can say that on air, but that's the soft way. I'll say it the nice way. I don't like getting put to sleep to get tattoos. You've got to earn that shit, man. You can't get put to sleep to get some ink. It's ridiculous. My wife has a sleeve. get put to sleep to get some ink. It's ridiculous. My wife has a sleeve. It's very nice. She has a similar thought to you, but I think you guys just didn't know you could just go to sleep and get the tech. So it seems like you guys are haters. That is what I'm potentially thinking here. Is that, yeah. The problem is you've got people going under that don't know what they're doing. You've got guys eating snacks and drinking alcohol and smoking weed before they go under. It's a dangerous dynamic. I don't know if you... Usually when guys get tattooed, they're usually under the influence. So to be getting put to sleep before it is questionable. I don't like it. Well, I just want to let you know, someday you're going to see me and this is how I'm going to look. And then the next day, I're going to see me and this is how I'm going to look. And then the next day I'm going to have a great night's sleep. You saw LaMelo's back? Yeah. Oh, yeah, the alien and... Rare one. Yeah, rare one and that whole thing. Rare one. Yeah. There's a whole thing, isn't it? What? He is a rare one. Yeah, he's got the alien thing on his neck too. That He's not from here, dude. The whole family were rare ones. We were on the ball train there for a while. We were in Lithuania. Live on Facebook. They captivated America for like three years. I mean, it was a hell of a run by LeVar. Look at that. My God. That alien popping out of his spine is pretty sweet. Yeah. Pretty sweet. He just picked up his player option. 21 mil or something. The Ball family continues to just rake it in. What's dad doing? Where's he been? He's around. I think he's doing some foreign relations stuff in China. Alright, let's get to the NBA playoffs. Austin, riddle me this. It's the highest level. NBA. The Association. It's where people from all around the world are trying to get to. Even countries we've never heard of. Yeah, that's right. All of a sudden they come over here and all of a sudden they're, this is where we wanted to be. This is a dream come true. Global. How the hell do the Pacers get screwed that bad in the Mecca, Madison Square Garden? This is strictly because Strictly because the NBA doesn't want the Pacers, the Hicks, if you will, to knock off the Knicks of New York City. That is clearly just a batted pass. Great work. Good defense by Neesmith. What a stud. And then at the end of the game, moving screen. Are these adults playing or is this LA Fitness? Austin, how does this happen? This is strictly the NBA and Adam Silver, who, friend of the program, I hope he hears this, wanting is wanting the big market to knock off the little old Indianapolis. Because Tyrese Halliburton's making that shot. We take the lead. The other one, it's a layup going the other way. We steal one in Madison Square Garden. Suck it, Starberry. Suck it, Mariana Rivera. Suck it, Spike Lee. Suck it, New York City. Suck it, Bruce Brown. But instead, these refs ruin it all. Austin, is this normal? Should I be as upset as I am? I never like. Is my connection bad? Your camera's on autofocus, and then sometimes it focuses on your pictures. Is my connection bad right now, fellas? No. Is the mic bad? The mic. Can you hear me? Can you guys hear me? Boom. Yes, you sound good. There we go. Yeah, you sound good. There we go. I never like when the refs take it out of the players' hands. I like games to end with the players making the decisions, whether it's making a shot, missing a shot, turnover, whatsoever. If we're going to call moving screens, man, we could call that all game. I didn't like the moving screen call. Obviously, the kickball call was just a mess up. I don't know how you do that. It wasn't even really that close. It was clear. I could see that from the TV screen that he hit that with his hands. So, you know, to botch that and then follow up with a moving screen. And was it a moving screen? Yeah, kind of. But like I've seen Devin Chinzo and Josh Hart set like 10 of those on Brunson early in the quarter. So, you know, we saw it with the girls' national title off Final Four. Remember Paige Buckers? They called a moving screen before she got the shot off, and everybody was kind of pissed about it because we want to see the players make the plays, right? Yes, absolutely we do. Now, you've got to give credit to Paisan here for the flop heard around the world in the middle of the night. Beautiful flop. Look at that. Oh, my. He just got hit with a Tyson uppercut. Oh, my. He just got hit with a Tyson uppercut. Look at the way he just falls back here. Both hands up in the air. I mean, he wins the game there. I mean, good for him. That's a solid play. We can't knock him, but we can certainly knock the refs. This better not be happening the entire series, Adam Silver. This better not be happening. It's a bad loss. It's a tough loss because that was the one Indiana was going to steal. They were going to steal that win, and then the series is totally different. You know, now it's tough when you have a game you're supposed to win on the road, like especially the first or second game, and, like, you just lose. That was supposed to be a momentum shifter. I mean, now they have to go back into the Madison Square Garden again and have another great performance on the road. And that's a very tough place to play. I do think the crowd and environment influences people. I'm not saying it influences the ref, but there are calls that were made down the stretch that that environment sometimes can just push a ref to be making. I mean, we're all human. You know what I mean? Like the crowd, the momentum, the energy is like shifted that way. A ref could move and scream. It just happens. Yeah, that's tough to see. Basketball refs seemingly have the whistle in mouth, too, quicker than anywhere else. Because I don't want to say they're eager to call a foul, but it looks like they are looking to call as opposed to looking to let play sometimes. That's why there's always going to be the refs are in on it. That's just always going to be how it's going to be with the sport of basketball with the way it's set up now. Let's talk about another ref situation. The refs pissed off Jamal Murray last night, didn't they? Jamal Murray is frustrated. He said, call it a damn foul. There's been highlights, obviously, of the Minnesota Timberwolves locking down Jamal last night with a double team. The Minnesota Timberwolves are relentless on the defensive side of the ball. Allegedly, Jamal Murray not happy with the damn refs. So he threw a towel first. It didn't make its way all the way out there. Then he said, I've got to throw a little something heavier. Heating pad coming. Our sources are saying that it is more likely for him to get fined because he doesn't have a long list of things that the NBA can potentially punish him for as opposed to a suspension. What could potentially punish him for as opposed to a suspension. What are your thoughts on this? And obviously, heating pad on the floor. That's why those folks with the brooms are so active because we can't be slipping, especially in a jumping sport. That could have been catastrophic for an A4 knee. It was not. Let's move on. But Jamal Murray pissed because he just couldn't play well last night or pissed at the refs? What are your thoughts on that entire game? All right, well, thoughts on that entire game all right well first off uh they they they played great defense on jamal they were physical with them they're playing you know we complain on one end about we want 90s basketball we want guys to be physical and uh we missed that era of basketball and now we have guys doing it and then we're like oh he's complaining he's getting fouled or you know let the boys play i like how they defended him last night. Minnesota's a far superior defensive team. They've dominated the series. I think last night, that throw of the towel and the heat pack was an accumulative of just being frustrated. Their whole team was frustrated. They're complaining and bitching and whining the entire game. Timberwolves are throwing punches. They're pulling. They're scratching. They're pinching. They're getting under their skin. They're talking trash. I saw clips of Carl Towns say stuff to the crowd. This is the defending champs, by the way. On the road where they're supposed to notoriously have a home court advantage. I played there for two years. That elevation is something real. And the Timberwolves have gone there and just punched them in the mouth. And I think frustrations are boiling over there. And And you're seeing a lack of depth from Denver. Remember, they got rid of Bruce Brown, and they didn't sign back Jeff Green, and all those guys that they didn't have. You know what I mean? These are guys that really slipped through the cracks with them. And now we're seeing in a series they are struggling to score the ball. And they're definitely struggling to guard Anthony Edwards. That dude is my God. And in terms of the hot pack, let's move on. Let's find him and let's play basketball. The last thing we want is Jamal Murray off the court. If that's the case, the series is over. If Jamal don't play game three, you can kiss the series goodbye. He needs a play, and we'll see what goes forward. But they're going back to mini down 0-2. It does not look good. Yeah, I didn't expect last night. first game maybe you know like you're kind of catch them off guard but like malone joker jamal you just assume now you don't even think about bruce brown and jeff green and all the people that you talked about like hey those probably pretty pivotal roles not only like on the court locker room like everything in different moments uh throughout the game but i just assume they'd be able to figure it out because that's what they've done against everybody seemingly since i started watching them in a playoffs whenever they go on the run. And then it's like 26-piece without Rudy Gobert. That is a wild night for the Timberwolves. Ty, I have a question for you, Austin. Yeah, Austin, obviously the T-Wolves look unbelievable right now, and I don't think anyone's quite ready to write Denver off. But in terms of that other series, do you think with the way that Kyrie and Luka have been playing, Kyrie and Luka have been playing. Are the Mavs a legit kind of dark horse to make the NBA Finals out of the West, or are we not quite there yet with them? I don't think they defend well enough to get all the way to the Finals. I do think they're going to be problematic for OKC. I think the OKC is going to have their hands full playing against that team. I know everybody's favoring OKC. They've got the record.. They got the young group that everyone's hype about. I love them for the future as well. But if we're talking about right now, with their youth comes vulnerability. They're going against some very seasoned players. And listen, I'll be honest with you, man. This year has been a big, big symbolism of the role players and the little trades and acquisitions have been much more important to teams than getting these big stars. We saw Phoenix trade the house for Kevin Durant and it hasn't worked out. They tried to get a big three. It didn't work out. We've seen teams make small moves in getting role players that have changed their team. New York has changed their team. They wouldn't have got Josh Hart. They wouldn't have got Devin Chinzo. They wouldn't have got OG. They're a much better team now. No, they didn't get any superstars, but they're a much better team. Same goes for Dallas. I only bring that up to get back to Dallas. Their whole team changed when they got Daniel Gafford and P.J. Washington. It added a little bit more size, some shooting with P.J. Some of these small, and I don't like saying small, but smaller players. We're so caught up in social media. It's always big names. The smaller players are what are changing these teams. Derek White is one of the most important players for the Celtics. You know, all these acquisitions of these teams that they're getting are changing teams. That's what Phoenix is missing. Minnesota's so good because, sure, they got Ant, they got Carl, but they got J.D. McDaniels. They got Nikhil Alexander. They got Nas Reed. They got all these role players, right? And I think that's the difference right now in why Dallas is a good team. And they've gotten better, and they're pretty deep. You hate Luka Garza? Luka Garza's a legend. I'll never disrespect Luka Garza. Boom. Hell, yeah. I mean, I wasn't going to say it, but if you put... We'll just leave it at that. I wasn't going to say it. Yeah. You weren't going to say it. He's an Iowa guy. And when he... Oh, no. Luka's the best. Well, Luka was down in the G League for a long time. Score 40 points every night, and then they bring him up. Serving it up. Yeah. Sit his Bring him up, set his ass on the bench. He got three minutes last night. They'll have a bucket. Bro, you put Luke in for four minutes, he's putting up buckets. It's automatic. I don't care what league you put him in, NBA, Big 3, G League, it don't matter. You put Luke on the floor, he's going to get to his shit and get some buckets. It's going to happen. Okay, so I don't want to stray too far away from the playoffs, which is the topic of discussion. We'll definitely get back into that. But, like, the G League, that's – is that the best way to figure out if somebody's going to be good in the NBA or not? Like, these high school kids, right, it's either you go to college. They can go straight to the G League now, right? Yeah. Straight out of high school, you can go to the G League. Then there's European. It's like if you, because your dad obviously in the game, you're in the game. Let's say I had a son. Okay. Boy, what a beast. Junkyard. Six foot four. Yeah. Six foot four. He's smacking the floor and then he's going through the legs in Madison Square Garden. Okay. Okay. That's the type of player he is. Okay. He has an offer to everywhere in college, G League potentially available, and Europe. If I wanted him to get the NBA fastest, in your eyes, what would be the smartest route for the NBA people to figure out whether or not he'd be good at the NBA and for us to figure out whether or not he'd be good in the NBA, you think? I think because the G League is so up and down, for me, if you have a top-level prospect or if you've got a top-level kid, go to college. If you're that good, just go one and done. If you go into one of these blue bloods or one of these top programs, you don't even have to put up crazy numbers because you're usually coming there with some mutual talent. If you go to Duke, for instance, Cooper Flagg, good example, right? He could have gone overseas. He could have gone anywhere. He went to points. He's going to win top five in the draft. If he has anything better than that, he'll go number one in the draft. It's a one-year process. You get to go to college. You get to play in Cameron. You get to play in rivalry games. You get to compete in top-level talent. The alumni there, look at me advocating for Duke. advocating for Duke. Yeah, yeah, you are. I was about to say, yeah, you sound like Jay Billis right now. I mean, I really do. I'm sorry. I got carried away there. But I think college, man. I like college. And I don't mind the unconventional route of some of these guys going overseas. That's a big jump to move away all the way from the country and go somewhere else. But you're going to play with grown men. You saw La We saw a couple other guys do it. Brendan Jennings was the first one to actually do it. He left high school and didn't go to college. He went right overseas, man, and played with 32-year-old men that got mortgages and kids. That's a whole different, you know what I mean? That's a good preparation to get to the league as well. But G League for me is, it's just, I like the G League. It's just, you know, the game, the way it's played, everyone in there is just trying to get points up because everyone's trying to get a call up. It's very hard sometimes to look at talent. Mack McClung is the MVP of the G League and, like, has never gotten a call. Do you know what I'm saying? Dunk contest. Like, it's like, yeah, he gets called for the dunk contest even though the kid can play basketball. You know what I mean? So it's just like the G League is very hit or miss to me. I prefer the old-fashioned route of college. If you want to do something new, then go overseas, play some grown men for a year. So my kids go to college. You don't have the brain to go to Duke, though. Let's make sure. And also, let's go to – That's a ping-pong class, man. Well, let's not even get into how you guys were cheating. Yeah. Yeah, weisbee class, ping pong class, Duke education. Got it. All right. Okay, let's get back to the playoffs. Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Austin, now that the Celtics are past the heat and going to the Cavs, how much does the loss of Porzingis hurt their actual finals expectations? Because as much as we can sit here and act like Cavs-Celtics is going to be a great series, we know it's not. We know the Cavs are going to get absolutely walked by the Boston Celtics. When you're thinking long-term here, what do you think as far as stacking up against teams like the Timberwolves or the Nuggets without poor Zingas if he can't play by then? No, they need him. They need him. They need him for a variety of reasons. One, his length and his size and what he's able to do as a big man. They need him. And then two, he's a stretch four, stretch five, depending on how they play him. And he spreads the floor. He's very problematic in the pick and roll. He's coming off pick and rolls with Brown, Tatum, Derek White. And because he can shoot like two, three feet behind the line, they have him pop farther behind. It's a long rotation. So now you've got guys like Carl Towns or Gobert or, for instance, it'd be a Jokic, whoever the case may be. These guys have to rotate or pop. Now you've got these guys who are not accustomed to defending outside the three-point line. The floor is completely stretched out with Porzingis out there, which allows room for guys like Brown and Derek White and, most importantly, Tatum to operate. I do think they'll beat Cleveland without him, but they need him, bro. Cleveland has those long, lanky guys like Jared Allen with the Afro down there and Evan Mobley down there just pity-patting the ball, getting the offensive rebound all game. Porzingis, they're going to need him. I think they'll beat him without Porzingis, but he'll be missed. That's going to be like a five, six-game series. I really do believe that. Yeah, probably five. Without Brzingis. I mean, Al Horford, the thing is, and Austin, I don't want to call you a casual, but Al Horford looks like he's 25 right now. I mean, the guy, his movies. What is he sipping on? He just doesn't get old. Exactly. He doesn't. He's still dunking, and he should be in a wheelchair. That's how good this guy has been as of late for the Celtics. Cornett is some sort of dark horse, but boy, we might have a Garza-esque superstar brewing on the bench right now. Okay, so 11.5 point favorites are the Celtics this evening. That is a lot, it sounds like, in your eyes. Yeah. That's fair. The Celtics are such a better team. So good. How about the Miz last night? Listen to the Miz. The Miz walks over to Conor and just goes, we're beating you. And he starts yelling. Starts yelling in his face about the Cavs beating the Celtics or whatever. And it wasn't like gimmick. He was 100% in. Yeah, he was like, Celtics will get one at home. And then when we come back to Cleveland, we'll probably steal one in game two. And then we'll come back to Cleveland, we'll be 3 3-1 Cleveland. We won both of those games at home. And it was like, oh, okay. So we're betting on this that there's no chance Cleveland wins two games. We just learned. I just learned that the Cavs are in the playoffs. Yeah. They came down against Orlando, and now it's like, hey, here we go. Yeah, now they're playing the South. They got a shot now. Yeah, that's everybody's talk about them just Miami. Great press conference. D-Bot's got a question for you, Austin. Godfather, Pat Rodden. Obviously, we just got smacked by the Celtics. Big Heat fan. Now, Jimmy was out, obviously. But going forward, it's offseason. Obviously, he made some remarks in the press conference. But that's Pat being Pat. Do you think the Heat go after a superstar, another superstar? You mentioned the role players. And Another superstar. You mentioned the role players. With the Heat culture, I feel like anybody we bring in there, we always develop those players around the guy. But do you think we're going after a different guy this offseason? They're definitely going after somebody. There's no way you go back to next season thinking that the team they had this year is enough. They're already a worse version of what they were last year. They lost Gabe Benson. They lost Max Strauss. They struck out on Damian Lillard. They struck out on pretty much everybody else. They lost key guys that were good locker room guys like Kyle Lowry. So they're missing a lot. They need some more talent down there. They need more scoring. They need guys who can put the ball in the basket. You got Hero who can do that. Jimmy can do that. But I like Jimmy. And Pat Riley, if you talk about his press conference, he said that. He's like, Jimmy doesn't have to be our best player. He could be a 1B guy. We're going to go try to get a 1A guy. You know they're going to go try to get some of these guys. Paul George, we'll see how this series ends with Donovan Mitchell and how his future and happiness in Cleveland shakes out. We've already heard rumors of Booker not being happy in Phoenix. There's there's a lot of scenarios here that we could find ourselves in where you got new stars going down to miami you would think they would be crushing that in the free free agency market they got no income tax and you're living in miami with a bunch of beautiful women and you're playing for one of the biggest organizations and best stable organizations in all sports let alone the nba the miami heat um i love pat riley's comments by the way if you're not playing i don't really care to hear anything you've got to say anyway. I love that Jimmy talks his shit. He deserves it. He's rightfully so. Kept that franchise afloat and took them to finals appearances, so he deserves the talk, to be completely fair. And Pat Riley, on the other hand, has to do his part and bring him some talent and really put a team together, but that's the culture there. I love Pat for that. They'll never change, and that's what's led to their success, but they need more talent. Okay. Pat Riley's press conference, if you listen to the whole answer about Tyler Hero, he wasn't calling him a bitch. No. He was just saying that he had been a little fragile, and then nobody works harder, and he changed the way he works. He went on to compliment him, but if you just take clips, he's fragile. It's like, oh, he's called a bitch. Nobody wants to be called fragile. That is the last thing you want to be called as an athlete, no matter how soft your sport is, you know, like basketball. You're slowly coming our way though. I can already see it. You're getting more into it. Look at you. You're talking about the Cavs today. You're stretching out. We've got You're stretching out We gotta get you outside of that football lane Where the guaranteed contracts are Where the best athletes in the world are That's us I can take 30 players right now in the NBA and throw them in the NFL You cannot take 30 NFL players and put them in the NBA It's because you only allow 5 on the court Let's just all relax You gotta break every play All you gotta do is catch the ball and run north or south It ain't a conflict Our sport's better. Our sport's better because we would just create a position for one of you 5'2", 40, running, 6'10", guys. And just put them, you know, can't get hit much, fragile. All right. A little thin, very tall. We would just create a position because we got big brains in our sport. Listen, listen. That's what we would do. There's a reason why hip-hop artists, when they rap, they compare themselves to ballers. They're not talking about footballers. They're talking about basketball players. That's because they're not tough. And I'm a punter. This is me being a punter saying all these things. There's a reason why all the girls that we get done with them, the NFL players usually end up dating them later. No, they comes to us first, bro. That's because you guys are getting worked over there. Yeah, you guys get worked over there a little bit, I think, from what I've learned from watching outside. But, hey, to be clear, the NBA is the stars. We got face masks on. You guys are handsome, right in front of everybody. 82 games, so it's a to-do. You guys provide – hey, listen. The NBA is a fantastic... Let's not get crazy, though. 30 guys could go in there. Who's coming? Anthony Edwards. We got five. We got Anthony Edwards coming over. Jimmy Butler. Oh, you guys are drunk early in the morning. Russell Westbrook. Zion at left tackle. Zion would be fantastic. But then he would just be our... He'd just be a football player. Which he has been maybe this entire time. Pretty much. I'm going to put Josh Hart at tight end, man. We'll go run around and fuck shit up. Okay. Draymond. Draymond at D-end. Maybe just clubbing people. We've seen Draymond at pass. He's not playing tight end. Think about them running in these. You know what I mean? Like, it is. It's just... Nonetheless, you guys are great athletes. Global. We're global. We're global, man. Because football somewhere else is a little bit more important. They call it... You know what I mean? When you go overseas, you talk about football, they think you're talking about real football. What's that? Soccer. You don't even want to. You guys flopping with the soccer community enough. I played soccer growing up. Couldn't do it but Vincenzo last night. Middle of the hole. I'll take the guaranteed contracts and the girls, man. I'm good. The guaranteed contract definitely. Yeah. Fair. Yeah. Yeah, the MLB was beating all of us for a while. With the exception of the quarterback. I think the quarterback's the hardest position in sports. It's a nutty position. To have to be looking through a visor like this, having people try to rip your head off, knowing a thousand plays where everyone's supposed to be. I have a lot of respect for quarterbacks. I don't know how they do it. LeBron James can play in the country in high school, but he chose basketball instead. All those guys work out. The top guys in the country, they always make it to the NFL. Those guys always happen. Yeah. I remember that little white kid. Remember, he was like eight years old running all those. Syracusan Duke. Greg Paul. Oh, yeah. Duke. Yeah, he was the best of all time. He threw six picks, I think, in one game for Syracuse. Yeah. I think. Yeah, he was. Yeah, it'll transition. It'll be easy. No problem getting the NFL. I love how that's who you throw out there. Greg Paul is, you got a deep bag, bro. Top quarterback. Allen Iverson, I think, would have been fantastic. There's like certain guys that are just like any sport but wait a minute we got dion okay yeah yeah we got dion play dion could have played your sport if he wanted to jackson huh no he couldn't you're telling me if dion his entire life focused on basketball you don't think he would have been able to figure it out oh probably yes whole life yeah i mean he was a generational athlete how about bow for sure he's a generational athlete. Jim Thorpe? Yeah, duh. Boom. Tom Brady? You don't think he can figure it out, the NBA? Absolutely not. What? I haven't seen his jumper, then. Let's get back to the NBA. Okay, Brunson's in the middle of a run right now. Okay, we have to... Not even in the top 50 players getting paid this year. Okay, so He's going to do some sort of money, or he's going to win out of the Knicks. Average 40 points per game. This is a Hembo stat. Here are all the players in the history of the NBA that have averaged 40 points per game over a five-game span in the postseason. Just went for 43 last night. Kevin Durant, LeBron James, Allen Iverson, Michael Jordan, Bernard King, Rick Barry, Jerry West, Will Chamberlain, Elgin Baylor, and Jalen Brunson. That's quite a list to be added to there for big body balling Brunson right there. What a run. It is an honor to watch it. Should have went home with an L. But now, he's a part of a list that is literally just all Hall of Famers. That's crazy. Good for the Knicks finding their guy, seemingly, because it was a year ago when, who's the coach for the Aces? Becky Hammond. She said, what, they didn't have anybody big enough. Yeah, she said Brunson isn't big enough to be the guy to lead a team. Yeah, he can't be a 1A guy is what she said. She was obviously completely wrong. To give her the benefit of the doubt, I don't think anybody thought Brunson was going to be this dominant. I mean, we all knew he was good, but my God, he's – bro, look at these numbers, man. Yeah. Yeah, we saw it. Yeah. We saw it. We've been watching it. And it's been great to hear our Knicks fan in the office be absurd about it all. Hey, we appreciate you for joining us, Austin. You're the man, brother. I appreciate you for having me. I'm always – You You couldn't have played in the NFL, right? You couldn't have played in the NFL. No, no, I wasn't a football guy. You want to know a quick story before I get out? I tried out for football in eighth grade, but you don't play with football down here in Florida. You can't do that. I tried out for 10 minutes, and I retired. Because you're soft? It was 100 degrees. I was about to pass out, and they're running routes that I'm getting screamed at for no reason. It was the first practice. This is, who does that? I'm going to go in the gym and take care of myself. So you're soft. Go hoop. So you're soft. Is that what you said? I'm fragile. I'm fragile. Oh, I guess the NBA, Pat Riley, yeah, you're right, I'm expensive. Oh, that's all right. We appreciate that. I get a minute. You're the man. Ladies and gentlemen, Austin Rivers. Thank you. Yeah, Austin. These NBA guys have been popping off about playing in the NFL. And I'm not the one who should be speaking for the NFL. But let's hold the phone. There's a little bit different animal whenever there's a chance there's a helmet coming. Yeah. Yeah. Different level of mental toughness F1 cars, motorsports. I think so. More like NASCAR. Sure, sure. Off-road and that type of shit. So, you know, fragile, expensive. They are so tall, so athletic. Free. For sure. Just aliens walking around. All of them. Like, there's no NBA player that has walked into a room where people haven't gone, what's that? Even if they didn't know who they were. So that's an advantage in basketball, obviously. But in football, that could work against you. Now, obviously getting the ball thrown to the crossbar on goal line play or something like that is a huge advantage. But you're not just going to stand there with your hand up and with one elbow in your back like you're in the block. It is. There's going to be a – especially with how big you are. Yeah, there's a There's going to be a Especially with how big you are Then you got to get up and do it again And again And it goes on And on and on and on And on and on and on And you put that on repeat for 18 weeks Exactly And then playoffs So really it's just going to continue to go on And on and on and on And on and on and on And on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on self-made vet, Vietnam vet, I believe. Billionaire. So, friend of the program. Has done the ayahuasca. And did the whole thing. Gave us golf clubs. I go worse at golf, not because of clubs, but because of me. So I feel like I let him down. But he wrote a book. We got it. It should be fantastic. Joining us now is a guy who does a lot of writing. He is the head creative doctor. And lead content strategist. Strategist. Boom. For Monday Morning Quarterback. Ladies and gentlemen, Albert Pruitt. Yeah, Albert! It's a good name. It's a good title. It's a good title. It's a fancy title, yeah. Very fancy title. I want to make sure I get it right here. I don't think I have it. Lead content strategist, yeah. It's been up on my Twitter page for five years, so it must be true. That's a good name. That's a long term. Content strategist. Holy shit. The strategy meetings that you are leading have to be so awesome. Lots of strategy meetings, yeah. It's constant. We've needed a lot of strategy at Sports Illustrated over the last four months, but I think we're out of the woods now. Hey, congratulations. Let's go, baby. Congratulations. I heard there was a Sports Illustrated party down at Kentucky Derby. We didn't even know Sports Illustrated was still going. It is. You're crushing it. Sports Illustrated is still breaking news, still part of the Americana, Sports Americana, which I think is good because we're all bummed out. We're legitimately, I think, bummed out to hear that. Sports Illustrated is still crushing it. And we got good strategy from what I'm hearing, Albert. There you go. Yep, yep. Lots of strategy on the NFL side over here. Okay, good strategy here is Kirk Cousins, right? We learned this from you, okay? So allegedly, Kirk Cousins and the Minnesota Vikings were very transparent with each other about what the future potentially looked like if he was to go back. They were going to take a high draft pick, potentially on a quarterback, even if he came back as a signed veteran quarterback for them. Now, that is potentially a part of the reason why he decided to not stay in Minnesota, ends up in Atlanta. Then Atlanta, boom, draft night, gets Michael Penich Jr. with the eighth overall pick. Shakes the entire world. Obviously, Kirk didn't know this was going to happen. Yada, yada. So how much do we know of that to be 100% true? And also, how much do we know of that potential decision for the Vikings to be a main reason why Kirk Cousins didn't want to be there, Albert? Yeah, well, this goes back a year, actually, Pat. Like when they were talking about an extension last year, the whole thing for Kirk was that they weren't willing to guarantee anything past 2024. And, you know, going into this year, the same sort of context existed. They had told him last year, you know, we may be looking at drafting a quarterback high in 2024. Like this might be the year we do it. There's a good class coming. The opportunity is there. We might strike. And so, you know, that all went into the decision not to do an extension during the 2023 offseason. They come into 2024. And, you know, I don't want to sound like an idiot here, OK, because the guy did sign a deal for $45 million per year. And so you can't say it wasn't about the money because the money is a factor in all of these. But I think the bigger thing to Kirk going into it was he wanted a contract that reflected that he would be the starting quarterback for whatever team he went to for the next few years. And the Vikings put an offer in front of him that guaranteed some but not all of his money for 2025. And as they talked through it, the Vikings really never backed down from the idea that, yeah, we could take your successor in the 2024 draft. So part of the way that Kirk and his people looked at this was, okay, so if we sign this contract that doesn't guarantee everything in 2025 that they get out of after 2024 and they may be taking my successor in April well then I may just be the quarterback here for one year and they may trade me after the year they could theoretically cut me after the year if the young rookie comes in and kills it and so he goes to market thinking I want to find a place that's going to commit to me as the starting quarterback for the next few years. And I want that reflected in the contract. And the Falcons were able to do that by guaranteeing not just 2024, also all of 2025 and part of 2026. And the thought was, OK, going forward now, I'm going to be the starting quarterback here for the next three years at least, maybe for the next four years. And he talked about the idea of retiring as a Falcon. And never was it related to him that they could take a quarterback in the top 10. Now the flip side of this is the Falcon side of it. Terry Fontenot, the general manager there, was in New Orleans in 2017 when Patrick Mahomes came out. And I'm sure you know, Pat, Sean Payton was very, very high, as were all the Saints people on Patrick Mahomes. And they felt like the reason why they lost Patrick Mahomes that year is because word of their interest got out and the Chiefs knew it. In fact, Brett Veach, who is the GM now, who's working in the personnel department there then, after they traded up with the Bills, texted, got him to one of the Saints people, clearly showing them, like, we knew you wanted him, and we're coming and stealing him from you. So for the Falcons people, for Terry Fontenot, who had come from the Saints, like, if we like one of these quarterbacks, we can't tell anybody. We got to sit there at eight, and we got to pretend that we're taking Dallas Turner or Byron Murphy or Malik Neighbors or someone else. And so, you know, I think it was on one side you see Kirk's side of it. And, you know, I know I'm going on a little bit here. But on one side you see Kirk's side of it, which is, hey, look, like, you know, I walked away from this other team after they had been upfront and honest with me about it. And now I'm paying the price for that, for not asking the same questions of the Falcons. And then on the flip side, you have the Falcons general manager having been through something like this in New Orleans and having lost a generational talent as a result of it. Yeah, and it's a fascinating thing because last year with the amount of backup quarterbacks that played, I mean, you know, and Kirk's coming off an Achilles. So if by week 9, 10, which we do not hope happens because we all like Kirk and everything like that. But if Michael Penix ends up playing next year and playing well, they're going to look like geniuses because you need a backup quarterback anyways. Especially with the way the league is kind of going right now. The only thing that was interesting is nobody expected it after the deal they just gave Kirk. With the holes they have on their team and the lack of success that they've had seemingly over the last few years. So obviously that's the big reaction. But hey, they're getting paid to do it, not us. The future will tell us if it was accurate or not. The other moves that are being kind of chatted about. Tone's got a question for you, Albert. Yeah, Albert. I read in your article about how you were kind of confused why everyone thought the Steelers were going to trade for a wide receiver because that is not their MO. That is not something they've ever done. As a Steelers fan, I couldn't agree with you more. But doesn't it feel like Omar Khan's a little bit different? And maybe that led to some of the speculation? Or are you just hearing that there's probably going to be sticking where they are and going forward? I mean, i think that they're gonna i think you know you're you're gonna get an idea of what you have over the course of the next four or five weeks as they get into otas and the full squad minicamp and so they'll get a look at what roman wilson their second round pick looks like out there what george pickens looks like coming back um you'll have a more full idea of of of what you got at the position but no their mo has always been to develop from within at that spot you know the last time a guy who came from the outside into the steelers organization led the team in receiving was during world war ii to give you an idea of how long it's been i mean they've almost always been homegrown at the position and so you know i i think they approach the draft the same way a lot of other teams did they haven't't used a first-round pick on a receiver since Santonio Holmes in 2006. And there were a lot of teams right in that area where they were drafting at 20, looking at it and having a tackle need and having a receiver need and looking at the landscape and saying, it's going to be much easier to get a receiver on day two or even day three than it will be to get a tackle, so we need to take care of our tackle need now. And I think Troy Fitanu is somebody who a lot of teams like. Like the Jets might have considered him at 10 if both, if Olufesanu had been gone and Romadunze had been gone, like that would have been consideration for them as high as 10. So they wind up with a left tackle who does have some medical concerns, but is a really really great player and clean character wise too they're at 20 and take care of their receiver need um right in the area where they've gotten great receivers in the past and getting roman wilson there yeah you said that the steelers normally since like when did you say since world war ii world war ii um i can't remember the guy's name but i actually looked it up it It was 1941, and it was this guy, and I'm not even making this up. It was because the Eagles and the Steelers had lost guys to the war. Stegals. Where the Eagles sent a bunch of guys over to the Steelers. Stegals. And this receiver was one of them, yeah. I don't think it was the Stegals team, but it was right in that era where World War II had messed with people's rosters. And so this receiver who had played for the Eagles wound up on the Steelers. Bringing up the World War II, I don't know if people even learn about World War II anymore. I'm genuinely wondering if anybody even learns about World War II anymore with the way the world entirely is going. But the Steelers have done different stuff. They fired an offense coordinator for the first time, like, ever. Since World War II. Since, yeah, probably World War II. Yeah, last year, so who knows how it'll go, but I think they got a lot of energy over there in Pittsburgh about this Steelers team and what the future's going to look like whenever just a few months back, it was not like that in Pittsburgh. Steelers fans were real gloom and doom. Now all of a sudden you bring in some flash signings. You have a good power draft. You get nause to another earn it. And then Jalen Warren, it's like Steelers fans are pumped. I am excited to see how they deal with it. Now, there's another fan base that's all jacked up too because they've got a quarterback in the future. But who made the pick? Connor has a question for you. Yeah, Albert. Right through their GM choosing process, and I believe the plan this entire time was to do the draft and then after hire a full-time GM. Is the leader in the clubhouse still hungry like the Elliot Wolfe, or is there a chance that some of these other guys come in from outside, even though by all accounts all Patriots fans are very happy with what Elliot Wolfe did in the draft? Yeah, I'd be stunned if it was anybody but elliot wolf um connor my guess would be that they go through the process over the next couple of weeks and maybe they wind up hiring somebody who they interviewed through the process underneath elliot wolf as assistant gm or or something else like i i think that could happen but i i can't imagine anybody other than elliot wolf will have the top position there whether or not they they get the GM title is another question. But this was part of the plan all along. The NFL has this term, primary football executive. If you're hiring somebody into that role, you have to go through this process. And that had been Bill Belichick for them. And so when Belichick left the building, they had to get permission from the league to say, we want to push this off until post-draft. They pushed it off till post-draft because they wanted to get a look at the guys in-house and how those guys did their jobs without bill belichick that the shadow of belichick sort of being over them and um you know it's interesting because you can go back to like the 2019 draft when the scouts really liked aj brown and and debo samuel and bill kind of overruled some of those guys and went with Nikhil Harry. There were all kinds of stories like that where the crafts really felt like we want to give the guys in-house a chance to prove themselves and we want to give them some runway here and get to see them doing the jobs before we make a final decision on what we're going to do. And Elliott's been a number two in Green Bay. He was a number two in Cleveland. So he's been close to the general manager title before. He's interviewed for a bunch of jobs. And, you know, as long as everything went well over the last three months, he was always going to be the guy. And my guess would be that'll become official here in the next couple of weeks. Drake May. The boys are buzzing in new england around drake may oh yeah the boys are buzzing up there around drake he's so big i don't know if you got a chance to see him he's a big yeah he is he looks like a quarterback amen 100 and he can move he led the north carolina team in rushing two years ago i mean it's like he's big he's strong division one basketball recruit like he was like go watch his basketball highlights. He can move now. Well, his older brothers, yeah. I mean, he is – yeah. I mean, and the night before the draft, he was hooping. That's what he was doing. Pretty cool. Literally in Detroit with his brothers. It's like – They rented out the Detroit Athletic Club. He and his brothers went and played pickup the night before the draft. That's the guy. As long as his dumb, drunk uncle isn't running his mouth. Amen. That boost bag. Get that bum out of town. The uncle. The rest of the family is awesome. Last question here about draft night from Ty, Albert. Yeah, Albert, just curious. I don't know what your affiliation at MMQB is with the NFL, but just curious. Did you get sack tapped or pee-pee whacked after the first night of the draft for tip and picks? Because we were following it. Thank you, Albert. We appreciate you, Albert. We got some shit because of you. We did. You were two to three picks ahead. I may or may not have gotten a couple texts. I may or may not have gotten a couple texts on that. But you've got to let them know you're there sometimes, right, guys? Yeah, man. Sports Illustrated is still alive. Absolutely. And honestly, yeah, I mean, especially being at SI, we really need to let them know we're still there. But honestly, for me, functionally, I was on TV all night doing shows up here, and it allowed us to get, like, five, ten minutes ahead of the draft. So it actually had a functional benefit for us, too. Oh, yeah. Everybody's competing, right? You guys were out there competing. You guys were in the circle. Actually, we were just riding your tweets. Yeah, exactly. We were having a great time. Hey, Bill was phenomenal with you guys. I've been around him enough. You can tell with his tone when you're getting the real bill and it's like this slightly annoyed tone right and you guys got a hundred percent of that well you know there was a couple times where we were way off yeah wide open and he was like can we get back to the let's go put you back to the film was like oh is this because every time he would pitch an idea before the draft he he was like, it would be a full thought-out plan, how it would be executed, what he would like to see happen. And then he would go, is that something you'd want? I'm like, it sounds like it's something you want. He's like, well, it's not my show. But he knew what he was doing the whole time. Because the whole time he was queuing up video. Foxy, yeah. Talking to Foxy, yeah. I'm telling you, Pat, there was one day, and I tweeted this, I think it was last week, but I got caught in a rabbit hole where I was all the way down to like 28, 29, 30 watching all of his assessments. He did a really good job with all of that. Yeah, we were lucky for it as well as we're lucky for you. Have a great one. We've got to get to a hard out. You're the man. Ladies and gentlemen, the content strategist at Monday Morning Quarterback, Albert Pereira. Thank you, bud. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice that might change their life. Take three. Without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, the commissioner of the NFL. Don't listen to them. Roger, good job. I appreciate you. Thank you so much for joining us. You're our commissioner. Don't worry about these bums. From us to you, we'd like to give you a gift that we know you're a big fan of. Ladies and gentlemen, some peanut M&M's for our commissioner. This is where I'm set? Yep. You can take these with you. You can take them home. I might just say, I got a gift for you. What? Oh. You ready? Yeah, I like that. With the 222nd pick in the 2009 NFL draft. Oh, yeah. The Indianapolis Colts select Pat McAfee. Hunter, West Virginia. Oh, yeah. Come on in, baby. Good West Virginia. Hell yeah! Hell yeah! Come on in here, baby! Good pick! Good pick! I'll pick him up. Thank you, Rog. I'm not gonna pick you up because you got that back. That's all right. I got it. There's your card, baby. That's real. That's awesome. I've been keeping that for, what is it, 15 years? You had it in your back pocket this whole time? that you have to answer to 31 billionaires. How accurate is that? 32. Well, you're not counting Green Bay? Yeah. Okay. Doesn't count. Big pop. There's a Green Bay Packers kid. I didn't know he did. Yeah, no, no, that was... I don't actually think that way. I actually think I answer to them. I think I answer to the media partners. I think I answer the players. I think I answered the players. I think I answered the owners too. The idea for me is to try to keep everyone happy. I always say that my biggest job is not to piss off more than 24 owners in a given day. How did you know the draft would be awesome if you traveled it? And did you see this happening? I'd be kidding you if I thought it was going to be as big as it is. We felt like we could be bigger than we were in Radio City. But what happened is Radio City actually put a holiday show in and said, you can't have the draft until June. And that's when he said, we're out of here. So they kicked you out. That's when it went on the road. Taylor Swift, we know. That's a different kind of influence. How about, hey, listen. A lot of jokes from... They're booing Taylor Swift. Yeah, you can't, you can't, you can't, Bill. Yeah, you're going to be a part of an outcome. Do it. Get a little louder. She is going to cook you. A lot of the internet was saying Roger Goodell was sitting at home. Through the moon. About this. Well, they thought it was part of the script. Yes. That's what I talked to her. There it is. There it is. Is there a thought of adding another one? Maybe adding another bye week? Or are we good at and how we continue. I'm not a fan of the preseason. I don't think we need preseason. Waste of time, right, and energy? I don't buy it, and I don't think these guys like it either. Well, they have to spend full price on tickets for those games. No, they're actually discounted now. Thank you for doing that. I'd rather replace a preseason game with a regular season any day. That's just picking quality, right? If we got to It's not an unreasonable thing. The other thing it does, which I thought you were going to, is that ends up on President's Day weekend, which is a three-day weekend, which makes the Sunday night, and then you have Monday off. Wow. Now we're cooking. See, now we're cooking. Can you talk to the president about having the Monday after Super Bowl off, too? The following program is a collection of students talking about happenings in the sports world. It is meant to be comedic informative. The opinions expressed on this show do not necessarily reflect the beliefs of their peers, their boss, or ESPN. There may be some cuss words because that's how humans in the real world talk. If you are young, please seek permission before watching any further. Hey! What? Let's go! Take permission before watching any further. Hey. What? Let's go. This show sticks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. You pick. Stunner. Stunner. Damn it. Be a friend to other friends. Something nice could change their life. We want that. We want that. You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! Your friend telling a friend something nice could change their life. We want that! We want that! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Sport! Hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode, the Thunderdome. On this Sports Tuesday, May 7th, 2024, Hour 2 of the program starts now. Sports are what we get to talk about every single day, and we're lucky to do it. I don't do it alone, obviously. I have the greatest group of dudes around me every single Monday through Friday, except for whenever we decide to take time off, which is very rare, but certainly coming up. Just a little quick, a little announcement. You know, we're getting buried here. Once these NBA playoffs. Oh, baby. Now, we still got months. We still got time. We got a month. But we're already, we got TST coming. Yeah. Okay, we got TST coming down in North Carolina. I think there's going to be a couple potential Fridays off, Thursdays off. We don't like to do that, though, because we're so incredibly lucky that people ride alongside of their days with us. And the incredibly lucky that people ride alongside of their days with us in the dumbest group of people that have ever been assembled around microphones that people listen to the toxic tables here at boston connor at ty schmidt and agave straw company has already reached out to us shut up about saving those turtles right there on maybe racist turtles right there on your chest these are not racist ones i can confirm that we i conferred after during and I said, hey, are you guys racist turtles? We're out on the street. Not racist sea turtles. So that's good news. And the agave straws, we just need to spread the word about that so no one ever has to put that floppy, flaccid, gross, plastic, not plastic, excuse me, paper straw in your mouth. You just tell the agave people, like, hey, we appreciate it. We like plastic straws, though. I like metal straws. Metal? That works, too. I hate metal. Yeah, but what, do you travel with that? Exactly. I have a special pocket I got knitted into all my pants. Somebody just gave me a little thing that I could probably put a metal straw in. Shout out to Bruce. Yeah, that's right. There's people that travel with straws. I have a fold Snap it in, snap it out. Kind of like a laser pointer, like one of those pointers. Like a pool stick? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, pool stick. Screw it in like a pool stick. That's what happened to Hammer. Dad! Cowboys, Tone Diggs. Real carer of nature. He is. I think that's what we're learning right there. Nine-year NFL vet, big brain, Terry Stitt Butler is here. Good to see you, Appreciate you. Joining us now from Anaheim, Ohio, ladies and gentlemen, the college football national champion, Super Bowl champion, Ryder Cup winner, current president of Ohio, A.J. Hawker. Yeah, baby, Hawker. Hawker, how you doing? First hour, we talked to Austin Rivers, who is sleeveless, talking about basketball, talking about the Pacers getting screwed in the future. And then, obviously, we I'd like to apologize. I had no idea turtles were that racist. I saw the video. It's proven. It's a fact. Now, I look at every turtle much, much differently now, so I apologize. It took me 40 years to figure it out. I don't think it's every turtle. Yeah, May 7, 2024, we just found out that there is a that are seemingly racist assholes. It's not us. It's film. And here it is. I mean, aggressively racist, too. And then look, it's not just white. It's like the whitest Air Force One. Not even. No, I got no problems with that. It's just like the cap I was wearing earlier. I'm actually trying to attack the shadow. What if they did have full hoods? These turtles have little hoods and capes. Bird in the outline of turtles on grass all over the place. That's what we know. There's that one turtle that learned how to hold a sign. That's right. Walking in front of them. Slowest, slowest. It's like Planet of the Apes. Slowest protest of all time. These turtles. Last forever. Forever. It's still happening. God. They're still walking. I think I saw them at Harvard, actually. It's crazy. You never tell a story about the... Oh, Jesus. You never hear the story about the tortoise and the hare. They never follow up on what color was the hare. You don't really do a... What color was the bunny in this entire thing? Because we don't even know if he'll get off the start line depending upon the attack that could happen. A couple of broken legs. We learned that today. Certainly not excusing the behavior, but turtles, some of them have lived to be over 100 years old, so they grew up at a different time. That's a great point. They need a little education on how society has evolved. If you were born when the Emancipation Proclamation got signed, there probably is a chance you have some different views. I do love whenever you read a headline, 85-year-old man says something, no shit. He's been saying that for literally eight decades. Long time. Long time. Fuck everybody. Hey, that's a piece of it. I was quoted. I was quoted. Yeah, that's on me. Let's talk a little bit about sports here. AJ, did you know? You didn't, I'm assuming, because you were in the league and you follow football every day of your life and, you know, love the sport. Darius and I had a full-on, when did this happen? What's that called whenever you remember something a little bit different? Mandela effect. Mandela effect. I don't know if that's what's happening with us right now, but the OTAs, that was just off-season. OTAs had different phases, and then there was mandatory minicamp at the end of OTAs, right? Is that how you remember this? Yes. That's not it. What is it now? They're not in OTAs right now. No. Are they already at mandatory minicamp? Nope. No, no, no. They're at off-season conditioning program phase two right now. They're in the OCP phase two as opposed to the OTA. Because I was saying to the boys, hey, let's get some video roundup from OTAs. And then they obviously look on here and they go, OTAs haven't started until May 20th. It's like I saw Aaron Rodgers throwing a football at the Jets facility. They're like, well, maybe that was rookie minicamp. I'm like, vets aren't allowed at rookie minicamp. It's OTAs. And then when rookie minicamp happens, you have a break, actually. And then you're back to OTAs, and then that goes all the way through mandatory minicamp, and then you've got summer, and then you've got training. It's like, no, now we have the off-season conditioning program phase two that's happening around the NFL. OTAs aren't until later in the month, and then it gets into mandatory minicamp. So I heard Matt Conte of the Indianapolis Colts is the one that created all these phrases. And I like to say I'm done with it. This is OTAs. They're in the middle of OTAs right now. Yeah. Well, the phases, those became a thing after the CBA, if you remember. Like, phase one, you couldn't touch a football, all that weird stuff. But it was just OTA phase one, phase two. I said it's not cominge of the Indianapolis Colts. He was the one that caught hell for me earlier. But they're wearing helmets. When you're wearing helmets on the field, that is an OTA to me. Well, an OTA is just off-season. It's an organized. The first day you show up for off-season program, that is OTA. Yep. The volunteer, all the volunteer dove reported on the Eagles lifting weights. Yep. So that Eagles lifting weights, you know, so that was obviously a little change. So with that being said, let's go off-season conditioning program phase two round. Let's see some videos that have hit the Internet. Joe Burrows back doing it. Obviously, yesterday we saw him just warming up. The tan is fantastic. Spent the weekend down at the G1 race down in Miami. Has a little wobble, but he threw a lot of touchdowns that were wobbly last year as well. He said his wrist injury is something to not a lot of... Oh! Oh! What? Oh! Joey B is all the way back throwing darts. He said there's good days with his wrist. There's bad days with his wrist. There is a couple plays that are being leaked by people that aren't within the Cincinnati Bengals organization or social media. Or maybe Joey Burrow misses a little low and outside. But that's going to happen. That's what practice is for. That's what practice is for. So any video you see of Joe is going to get talked about. But off-season conditioning program phase two is going well in Cincinnati, seemingly for Joey Burrow, back from an injury, AJ. Yeah, so he had wrist surgery. Did he say what it was exactly they had to do? No. We just saw a post that Joey Burrow told the media that he has never seen another quarterback with the wrist injury that he had. Linebackers, I think offensive linemen. Yeah, Albert Breer actually reported it. Joe Burrow said he couldn't find another quarterback who had the wrist injury that he did. He talked with offensive and defensive linemen and linebackers that had it, but emphasized that those guys don't necessarily need the mobility in the wrist that he does. He also said the wrist has good days and bad days, just like his knee did. He'll be smart about it, but he's out there doing behind-the-back passes and everything. I feel like he is in a good spot. Yeah, I don't know. Oh, God or not i may just be scarred from the andrew luck era uh here in indy but whenever you get one of those injuries that aren't like hey it's eight it's 12 weeks it's this it's that um no not even his shoulder the calf remember the calf that was just lingering for a long time so for him to still have good days and bad days coming into what is it called now off-season conditioning program phase two yeah coming into this point in the season you want you know everybody but obviously your franchise quarterback to be you know even you know aaron rogers coming in hey no limitations that's kind of what you want uh coming to this point in a year and obviously he's been banged up you know in college and then early on in his career so hopefully you know it's it's all all go ahead but uh this is concerning for me well in the injury in the and thank you for that but the in i can see how you would feel that way. The injury being a physical one kind of goes back to how Joey Burrow plays. You know, like he takes massive shots. Like, stop taking as many. He's been mic'd up as saying I don't need to take as many. But for this injury to be a D-line, offensive line, linebacker injury, it's like, okay, so something happened to him that he's not even able to get advice from other quarterbacks and being able to do this pretty big deal yeah pretty big deal for a quarterback it's like when andrew i thought you were leading to when he had his shoulder he had a shoulder injury he came back yeah that took for you the balls he was cleared to play but the balls were lollipop i mean it was me and vinnie were watching a training camp like that's not not the same that's not an nfl quarterback that's not Andrew Luck. Seems like there's a little juice, though, on Joey's ball. I don't think it's the torque. It's more so the – How long, though? Pat, did you hear he said when he feels good, he'll throw the days that he does feel good. But is that just for off-season program, or does that count training camp? Like how long do you think he'll have to have these days on and off? I months until it actually matters so we have to remember that but i assume all this is a great step in the process and you might be worried because what if it does linger what if it does continue to linger and uh which is what debunk is kind of alluding to it's good as you know it's not it doesn't look you know heavily taped and things like that because we all had teammates who played their entire careers with bulky ass wrist brace and they couldn't bend or move or you know the one all their fingers taped up but when you're playing d-line o-line you can get away with that obviously as a quarterback it's not only just throwing but taking hits you know breaking your fall like all these different things that he has to do so uh hopefully you know he's one of the best quarterbacks in the league so tough guy too yeah and i think the the cause for the concern if you are a bangles fan or just a fan in the nfl is like if if this hasn't been an injury that a quarterback's had before. He said last year it was hurting him going into the game that he injured it on, but I don't think this is the type of thing. When that goes, it's not like he'll be back in four to six weeks or whatever. I think if he has another issue with it, that's a season-ending injury. All valid points. Joey B's back in my eyes, and his hair looks amazing. I'm excited for the Bengals to be back to who the Bengals are. Tyler Boyd actually just signed with the Titans, speaking of the Bengals. There's a nice little weaponry around Will Levis down there in Tennessee, who seemingly had a plan this whole time, which is wild. I didn't know that was the case. Another offseason conditioning program, phase two, roundup here before we're joined by an absolute legend anthony richardson quarterback that was hurt last year for the indianapolis colts he's backspinning it looks bigger stronger faster than ever he does looks big this guy's a horse okay we were watching kentucky derby he's a horse he's an actual colt maybe even a bronco at this point and he's throwing darts to a farmer this guy's an actual farmer he was on uh zyra franklin and ej speeds podcast from his barn sitting on hay michael pittman jr that's awesome and obviously we had ad mitchell to the crew we got dons and you know this this is a year now for anthony richardson we're all excited to watch him play and that's the off-season conditioning program phase two roundup yeah we'll do it later in the show whenever we have some time because guess what? Philadelphia's getting after it. They learned how to do squats and stuff. Doug Kleinman said wait until 31 other teams do that and the place won bananas. There's also some footage of Aaron Rodgers back at the Jets facility. He was at the Derby all weekend with this inveterate gambler, A.J.k uh all weekend in kentucky goes back to new york new jersey so we'll continue to keep everybody updated with what's going on the off-season conditioning program phase two when did that start i hate it i absolutely no sense well so that they can divvy it up even more during the new CBA negotiations. The more shit you can negotiate, the more leverage you have. And I assume both parties are happy with it. But it sounds dumb saying it whenever we got to talk about it. Joining us now is a man who's never sounded dumb saying anything. No. He's been with ESPN for 31 years, if my math is accurate. High in 1993. Has been covering hockey for ESPN for a long time was the only person in the ESPN's hockey coverage to pick the Bruins To beat the Panthers in this particular series. He looks like a genius right now after game one goes 5-1 to the Boston Ladies and gentlemen Steve Levy Hey great shirt obviously rest in peace to the legend, Steve. Now, let's talk about you thinking the Boston Bruins are going to be able to beat the Panthers and being the only one in the entire ESPN NHL roster to think that's the case. For us, obviously, we grew up watching hockey. We know Game 7 into a Game 1 is a little bit easier than people think it is, and then having a week off going into a Game 1, a lot harder than people think it is. Do you think that was indicative of the game last night, or do you think this is how the entire series goes, Steve? Absolutely a factor, and along those same lines, watch out for Dallas tonight, right? Dallas is in the same spot off an emotional Game 7. Colorado's been sitting around for a week after they took care of our Winnipeg Jets. But thanks to you, Pat, the whole world knows where Winnipeg is right now. Yep. And now they're playing golf, but we know where the city is, the province, yeah. It's right here, Steve. If this was Canada, it would be right here, real far. Indiana down here. Yep. It would have been a real far trip. Quite a bummer. We've gotten invited back now to go up to the – Edmonton. Oilers. Yeah, Edmonton. Which province is – Alberta. That's Alberta. Jeez. It's right near where you're pointing. Did we learn this? I don't know if I did. No. I don't think America cared at all. I just want to let Canada... I was a Geography Bowl champ. 8th grade. Geography Bowl champion. I won the Geography Bowl. I knew shit that other people didn't. Our valedictorian and I, final two. I win. Second largest coral reef in the world. Belize. Final answer. That's the winner. Give me the cup. Got presented a trophy. Yeah. Have no idea about these provinces. How many are there, Gump? How many of you guys got up there? Edmonton? No. Provinces. Oh, great question. Jesus! I mean, that's a problem. We don't got to go down this road again, brother. I've explained this a million times. Show me a paintbrush and a sprayer, brother. I don't know a damn thing about provinces. Vancouver's British Columbia, Edmonton's Alberta. Seven? There's territories as well, though. Yeah, it's the North Territory. Yukon Territories, Northwest Territories. How did they not just join us, you think, in 1776, Steve? I don't know how it happened but i am hey can this guard its own thing going on 25 000 to leave right now it could be 30 but the uh alaska being right here is wild you know what i mean that's a wild i mean what i'm learning i think is i don't know enough oh that's why that's what i'm that's what like how did this all happen oh we have no idea we have no clue. No, none. But to your point, growing up in school, you're not wasting a breath on teaching kids about Canada and the U.S. What's that all about? Well, just who cares? That's kind of what it's all about. I think that's the way the teachers felt as well. No, hockey, great. Hockey's awesome. Lacrosse, great. We're sure. Canadians we know, awesome. Yes. Bobby Roode. I get a chance to see him every Monday. The glorious Bobby Roode. Legend. Toronto Maple Leafs fan, dead. Loser. See you later. But do you think Bobby Roode knows what the capital of Arkansas is? I'm sure he'd be able to figure it out. Yeah. I think they're stuff. Well, that's also because they live right on our border. Yeah. Probably it. Okay. That's what Canada is known for. We're not getting into this. Steve Levy's joining us. Yeah, you're right. Steve, we're so sorry. It's kind of your fault. It's actually my fault. I took us so left U.S., Boston, Florida, and I went Winnipeg for some reason. It's my fault. Yeah, well, our Winnipeg prediction did get dunked on on the Internet pretty quickly. That happened. But, hey, that whiteout, we'll always have it. We'll always have that moment whenever Winnipeg was flying around game one against the Avs. But let's talk Florida-Boston here. The game one rust for Florida we think was the big deal. And 5-1 and Swayman standing on his damn head. How long does that normally last? Is this throughout the entire playoffs now? Are Boston lifting Lourdes for sure, seemingly, after game one against Florida? Listen, they're very much in this series. And, you know, I picked them to win. I picked Boston in seven. I didn't think I would be alone. I thought I'd be in the minority. But a lot of people had Florida in five, certainly in six. Panthers were a much better team in the regular season. Florida's great. I mean, they've got everything. But there is something about the hot goalie. And Swayman is the guy. And it's like not even close. He's not even close to giving up a goal. And Florida's buzzing around the cage last night. He just looks so confident. You see him after the whistle, guys. He's smiling. He's like joking with the officials on the ice. after the whistle, guys, he's smiling. He's like joking with the officials on the ice. And the only comparison to the hot goalie in the Stanley Cup playoffs, I think, is the starting pitcher in baseball. It's not really about quarterback, right? Because quarterbacks don't get hot. Like if you're the greatest quarterback, if you're Patrick Mahomes, you're always hot. You know what I mean? You might have an off series, but that's it. So you don't really get hot and cold, I don't think, as a great starting NFL quarterback. You're always great. In hockey, it's totally different, man. And it's like the starting pitcher. And if you get a guy standing on his head like Swayman has done, it's really a remarkable thing to watch. And at some point, you start to get in the heads of the opponent. Now I'm not sure we're there yet. And listen, we've seen in other series, Boston could win game two and still lose the series. We saw Dallas lose the first two games at home and come back to win the series. So home ice is completely overrated in the NHL. It is virtually a coin flip except maybe you get to a seventh game. But Swayman right now is the key factor. I'll give you something else. Look who scored for the Bruins tonight. Lorai, Carlo, Brazzo. You know, not exactly household names. Nobody's going to win any Norris trophies not coming up this year or next year. And so the secondary scoring, man, that's a really big thing in the NHL and the Stanley Cup playoffs. They're all going top shelf on Bob, too. Seemingly that was a conversation piece. I remember, who was our goalie for the Pens that just couldn't use the glove? Yeah, Matty Murray just couldn't use the glove. And it was like, here we go, everybody on the ice and in the arena seemingly knows if you shoot to this quadrant of the net, it's going in. Last night, Boston had clear strategy there going top. Yeah, look, there's a book, right? There's a book on every goalie, and I'm not sure that's a Bob thing. Yeah, Bob's a stud. That's what I'm saying. I didn't expect that from last night when I was watching the highlights and then got to watch the game. It's like Bob's a stud. So just like them clearly being like this is where we need to go when they were doing that to matt murray it was a different story bob i didn't expect it is this his thing i i don't think i've watched enough of him play i i don't think so i don't think it's a book thing but he was like jumping up in the air a little bit i saw that a bunch sort of the shrug of the shoulders up in the air to make saves up high. And that caught my attention too. Steve, we're not professional hockey players, but you know you get Carlo fresh out of having a baby. And he gets to, hey, you want to score one for a new Bambino? Go ahead and go pop bins on him. And now it's just game one. Wait until game two when he slides it home right below Bob because Bob's going to be jumping like this for the rest of the series. D because Bob's going to be jumping like this for the rest of the series. D-Bush, they're saying that they're in Bob's head already. You know, I know the score was ugly, but I actually think this game was a lot closer than it was. We were buzzing around that net. Now, can Swayven keep this up for the rest of the series? Listen, I think he can. You know, Boston's played this alternating goalie thing. Didn't work out in the postseason last year, and they've gotten away from alternating now. Linus Olmark is parked on the bench, and they have a great relationship. I think he's okay with it for now. We'll still probably need him at some point. But Swayman looks like the difference right now. And, again, like I said before, he's not even close to giving up a goal. I know he gave up one last night, but the flurries around the net, he seems quiet, which is, you know, not a lot of crazy moments, movements, right? That's a quiet goalie. And the smiles, his reaction. But there were so many scrambles in the blue last night. I was really impressed. And not to be lost, I thought this was really interesting last night. Jim Montgomery used, you know, hockey get one timeout. Montgomery took his timeout with 14 minutes left and up by two. That never happens in hockey. You wait for the last minute, rest up your key guys, down a goal, up a goal, and he could see that Florida was all over the Bruins to start the third period. Even those 30 seconds, man, that calmed everything down. I thought it was a critical move. Good little strategy there, Conman. Yeah, and right after Brazzers slid it home. That's when that third goal came when he, you know, a little right to let her fourth goal, excuse me, to kind of put it away. And that was right after that timeout. Hey, that's good timeout, Coach. Fantastic. That's good strategy there. Steve, you mentioned Dallas earlier. I know Colorado comes to town and Nathan McKinnon and the boys trying to take this series. How do you see this one going? And who do you think has the goalie? Who do you think has the edge when it comes to goalie play in this one? I think it's probably a big edge for Dallas in goal. Everybody loves Jake Ottinger. We spent some time talking about the hot goalie. Ottinger was brilliant all season. I think we're still waiting for Georgiev. He had, you know, gave up a lot of goals in that first round, but they scored a lot of goals, right? He had a lot of offensive or run support or goal support, if you will. So I think this is a much lower scoring series. I really like Dallas. Colorado, obviously, can fly. But, again, that same scenario coming off the game seven. So I would think early advantage, Dallas, especially at home. To start, they were the best team in the West. Dallas is going to win 2-1, 3-2, I think. But this has the makings to me to be the best series of the second round. Okay, best series of the second round. Congrats, Texas Hockey, huh? Yeah, let's go. Good hockey club. Good and round. Congrats, Texas Hockey, huh? Yeah, let's go. Good hockey club. Good hockey club. That's Loud Barn down there. I mean, it came out the first two, the Vegas Golden Knights, but Loud Barn down there can certainly do some damage, especially against the Avalanche who are coming off a tough, tough place up there in Winnipeg. We should see how it goes. There's another obviously massive, massive matchup in the East. Tone has a question for you. Big one tonight. Yeah, Steve, huge one tonight. Obviously, the Rangers had a huge win on Sunday led by Zibanejad. Two goals and assist, I believe. Was that surprising, them getting the first game like that? In a higher scoring game, I thought, in that series. What do you think the rest of the series is going to be like? I think actually by the numbers, for those people who are into such things, I think Carolina was favored to win the series. I think they were favored to win that first game, and I didn't really understand that. So I expect this also to be a longer series. I did pick Rangers in five. I think the Rangers are the superior team. I think they have a big edge in goal. Freddie Anderson was great in the first round, but I think Shesterkin is a clear-cut better goalie here in the second round. I was surprised by how the Rangers were able to jump on him. That first period was nuts. You mentioned Zibanejad. Probably should have had a hat trick in the first period alone, by the way. That was sort of weird what happened at the end of the first period. I'm sitting next to Mark Messier, and he says, watch for the adrenaline dump. And I'm like, whoa, hey, Mess, what are we talking about? We're on ABC. I'm not sure you can say that. And then my buddy reminded me that somebody gets like, after he has his first coffee in the morning, I'm like, whoa, whoa, where are we going here? Oh, I got you. You're talking crowd, you come off a big first series win, you have a good first five minutes, and then that energy and adrenaline can fade on you a little bit, and that's when Carolina started swimming back in the first period to lead. Yeah, after the dump, you need to smoke. That's what you were saying. What am I going to tell Mess? Am I going to say something to Mark Messier, really? Come on. You should. Yeah, bought him into the board. It seems like you guys got a good crew. Good vibes, right? It does feel like that all season. Thank you very much. We love PK. I know he's a big friend of your program as well. He's doing a wonderful job. So, PK, let's talk about it. Yeah, let's. Six massages a week, retired athlete. Did you know that? He takes Did you know that he takes an Epsom salt bath every single day, 90 minutes every day? Gets a massage six out of seven days of the week. I don't even know how that's even possible. How do you have enough time? He's got some quirks. I don't know if you, sometimes he gets caught. He has this giant pitcher on the set. It's the biggest pitcher I've ever seen. And he's drinking from it constantly. And frankly, we don't know what's in it but it's massive that's the tb12 stuff he's got going on there it feels like is he gonna be able to do that for the rest of his life could you imagine getting that'd be that'd be tasking to get massages oh yeah six days a week that's a lot that's a lot of times but like he eats he eats four meals like every game so if we have a double header that's like eight meals he's got a personal chef like me and mess just stare at him we don't watch the game most of the period we're just staring at PK eating and drinking and then the PK special this is beautiful is like with a minute left on the clock we only do the eight minutes of the intermission right with a minute left on the game clock in the period PK's like is this a good time for me to go to the little boys' room? Like, no! This is the only time you can't go, but he's drinking out of this Manson Thermos. And PK is entertaining to watch, just like the hockey game. He's a beauty, that guy. PK is an absolute beauty. He's been fantastic on our show. He has cologne in his necklace yes you know just so he can he can i mean all these stories we're starting to say about this guy is as if it's like chuck norris this is a real deal this guy is a real deal hey pk way to go pal hey steve first time he was on the show first time he was on the show one of his first answers was like i gotta give me a lot of credit too that was literally how he started i'm like i love I love this guy. A trend of what you're saying in every answer about every series seemingly was the goalie. And that is, it's like in the NFL playoffs, it's like, how's your run game? And how can you stop the run? When the games matter, you're going to have to be able to move the ball on the ground and you're going to have to be able to stop the run like that's going to have to happen in hockey it's like your goalie's going to have to be great it's it's the most important thing of it all you're talking about florida buzzing around obviously 40 seconds in that's a massive save the reason why they're considering that a massive save is because that should have been a goal and that's one nothing 40 seconds in that's a whole different that's a whole different ball game all of a sudden but instead swayman with incredible explosion flexibility eyes instincts everything gets a huge save the whole game's flipped the other way now with momentum because there's probably a swayman chant happening immediately upon that save taking place it's like the goalie is the big one right i mean this is in hockey the goalie's the big one especially when it matters that's it i mean the cliche in the playoffs has always been special teams and goaltending, but goaltending is by far the biggest one. I mean, it helps to have a great power play. And you're right. So listen, that Florida crowd, they're full, the barn's full, but they can be a little sleepy down there. The old folks down in Florida. 8 p.m. start. And if they go to goal there early, then the barn takes over, right? The crowd goes bananas. And I will say this. Florida did a really good job. They kept Bruins fans out of there. Not a ton of black and gold. Really? I assume the original six would have been in there, especially with how many Irish and Italian moved to Florida. The Panthers do that bitch shit where they don't sell them to Boston fans. That's not bitch shit. You can appreciate it. It's good gamesmanship, but at the end of the day, when you're beating the piss out of a Team 5-1, it doesn't matter if there's no one in there or if it's full of people because Swayman's locked in. Oh, my God, I didn't know that. I should have noticed that. There was nobody in that barn at the end of the game. Nobody. Yeah. Regular season games, though, that crowd could be 50-50. Rangers come in. Toronto comes in. In the playoffs. Bandwagon. I talked to some people at the game last night. little black and gold and again that's safe in the beginning could have been the difference yeah bandwagon fans is what Steve is saying yeah that's not what's the tire from the ground street so it sounds like the Grand Prix came in G1 yeah yeah they care more about that stupid sport than no one watches than they do most watched actually most watch most watch Most watched. G1? Yep. F1. Most watched. Cool. Three-something million. Steve, did you see that race? Did you watch the G1? No, man. I didn't see that. I was preparing for the hockey. Yeah. Yeah, because that sport doesn't suck, Steve. That's why. Steve, you've been at ESPN 31 years. G1's on ESPN. Don't you think you should at least be watching? We had boots on the ground, Steve. Our show. Our show had boots on the ground. The truth is we came on with the Ranger game, Ranger Carolina game one. That was that weird 4 o'clock start on Sunday. It was immediately following the race. So I was in heavy, heavy preparation, studying. Sure. Yes. Me, Matt, PK. Of course. Bro. we appreciate that dedication we appreciate that dedication and thank you so much for joining us man it's been a fun NHL playoff run for us because obviously we've talked about hockey in the past but we couldn't play or any of the video and we had no connections with anybody in the NHL because how guarded the NHL has been for a long time I think allowing people to talk so this year we've gotten a chance to chat with a bunch of people we've been able to run stuff. We're very lucky and thankful. We appreciate the hell out of you. Great coverage all playoffs. Can't wait to watch you finish. Thank you. Hey, and the league loves you, Pat. Really, I've talked to people at the league. The league loves you. They love the show. They love what you're doing. They're very happy you're on board with the puck, as they say. Well, we love being on board with the puck. Swayman comes on the show yesterday and then stands on the set. Well, Kachuk also. He came on last week. What did Kachuk do? Yeah, you're right. We might be a little bit of a... Because we've been accused of other things. Some NFL guests that have come on. What? I haven't heard. Like what? We'd have somebody on show and then like they would not make a shot in the NBA for like four months. Tyrese Halliburton. So like then all of a sudden we're the curse. We're the reason why. So when Swayman does what he does after a 7 minute and 53 second interview yesterday big for the program big for the program steve we got to keep it going we appreciate you ladies and gentlemen steve levy he does incredible stuff oh yeah crushes same seemingly same personality all the time 31 years on he is that's a long time to be on tv long time anywhere especially he covers like he can do everything, I feel like. There's nothing you could throw him in where he'd be like he wouldn't figure it out, I think. Ballroom grow. That's right. Oh, yeah. You're right. Hey, they're due. They are due. That's the thing. You can just act like things don't exist, or you can be like, hey, here's a good opportunity, you know, a lot of opportunity to grow. We've been kind of – we got the score of a game real quick. Now it's time to fight back, second half team, whatever the case is. Make some adjustments. Maybe first quarter because you're just getting started. I mean, there's a lot of that. A lot of room to grow, though. Cool. Exactly. Trade deadline hasn If anything, now's the time to get in. Yeah, because there's a big season coming. How many days away from NFL football? I believe we're 119 days away from NFL football. Well, let me get you zeked up a little bit. Let's go to an off-season conditioning program, Fages 2 video from Kansas City. There's a dude that ran the fastest 40 in the history of the NFL combine. What team did he end up on? Oh, the Kansas City Chiefs. Of course he did. And guess what? Yeah, he can run routes. Okay, that's it. Corners on heels, right? Because this guy just ran 4-2-1. Got to respect his speed. So you either got to jam him, right? Or if he gets a free release right there, you're backpedaling. That's free. That's what. He should have that route from day one. He will always have that route. He's going to be open on that one for sure. And if you do press him, you better have some safety help on top. Yeah, it's impossible. And, you know, these are just little clips that obviously in May we've got to get zeeked up about because we don't have actual football. But you see that and you're like, okay, now think about what Andy Reid's going to do with him in motion. And then obviously you've got Travis Kelsey right over here, who's the best player on field. And Patrick Mahomes is able to handle literally all of it. It's like Hollywood Brian on the other side. Yeah, Hollywood is, I mean, damage to the space. Yeah, so that's what these off-season conditioning program phase two videos have us do is like how the hell do you stop that? That is literally a question. And it feels like that one's a gimme if they need it for third and four. You got Xavier Worthy right on the sideline because Patrick Mahomes is not going to be late. He's able to make that throw every single time. If they can protect him, which they'll be able to. Unless he's sick or it's windy. Different team. Different team. Different team last year. That windy day, that was the reason why a lot of people were dropping balls. It wasn't exactly because Patrick Mahomes was missing people. Remember? When he was sick, though, real deal. A lot of people say the Raiders have their number, though. Well, the Raiders took the tractor another round. They didn't. Remember a few years back? Yeah, that other guy. Yeah, that other guy. He's an emailer. The email guy, yeah. God, won so many games as a coach. So many games. Got a long ball. Where's he at in this whole process? I think he's coaching in Italy. Yeah, he is part of the, what is it, the Milan Argonauts or something like that. I think he's coaching in Italy. The Seaman. The Seaman. They are the Seaman. We got right now? There's football over there? Yeah, of course. Global expansion. Roger Goodell. What do you think this is? NFL Europe's not here anymore. I didn't know they were even playing. Yeah, rest in peace, NFL Europe. Had a hell of a run. You know, more people watching that than UFL. No. That's still going on. I saw the ratings today. It was a good rating. You're telling me a million people are watching the NFL games? That might have been all the games up until this point, but I definitely saw... I didn't read the whole graphic, but I saw one million. Okay, okay, okay! That's good to hear. We had a conversation this morning, AJ, and I'm like, I have not heard ever... Jake Bates, the kicker for the Michigan Panthers. He is the star. I'll watch him do his thing. Hits a game winner at the end of the game. Hits another 60-yarder. Has like three 60-yarders this season. The dude's a weapon. These things are right down the pipe, too. And whenever you get back that far, sometimes kickers have it like, okay, I got to hit this a little harder. So you pull it. He's hit so many of them now at this point where this is just walking apart for this guy incredibly strong leg seemingly steps up in a big moment hit the game winner for him the other day now there was 14 people in the crowd and it's ufl so it hasn't really been defined as what it potentially means 10 15 years from now when the ufl then the cup the great cup the great cup you know that comes from the ufl is meaningful but like he's gonna have an nfl job which I think is what the UFL's goal is, has a chance to become a feeder and more football and everything. So I'm happy to hear that a million people were watching. If that's the case, I was worried nobody was watching because I don't think anybody I've talked to has watched yet other than a couple clips like Brad Wing doing his thing, Jake Bates doing his thing, and then maybe the crowd in St. Louis. But a million people watching is good news, AJ, for the sport of football and for the future of football. Yeah, so I would assume that he will be in a camp with somebody come end of July. And I think probably we know scouts. There's definitely each team has scouts watching these games, probably filming their practices. But it's probably the most beneficial for kickers and punters because it doesn't really matter who you're going up against as a kicker and punter. If you can kick and punt, you can kick where you're fine. It could be big for a specialist. It's you and the ball. And now with the new kickoffs too, I see people posting on videos showcasing how strong their leg is for kickoffs, and it's like, hey, bud, that's not good. Yeah, it doesn't work like that anymore. It sucks. I'm not happy to tell you this, but it's like, I don't think that's necessarily, like, what people are going to be looking for. Now it's just all about being able to land it at the one-yard line. Landing it at the one-yard line is seemingly going to be the skill. You know, you're going to have to be able to hit, like, an eight iron. You're going to have to be able to hit the best eight iron. And put that driver, go ahead and just, it's the end of some games, you're going to need to just say, ah, to hell with it. We'll give them the ball, whatever, the 25 or the 30, whatever it's going to be, and we will move along. But it's like, it's a whole new ball game, but for kickers and punters, it's just them and the ball. If you can turn one over in the UFL, you'll probably be able to turn one over in the kick field goals, you can kick field goals. If the operation's good, it's very similar to being judged. And it doesn't even matter about hang time, right? Because they can go when the guy catches it, so you just gotta put it at the one. Doesn't matter if you hang it for five seconds or it's a line drive to the one. You can hit that thing left-footed and just have it, like, knuckle. Yeah, knuckle might be the move. That's the move. an attack that you think? I don't know, because hang time does not matter. Each guy will be different though, right? Some people are more comfortable blooping it, some people are more comfortable hitting a little liner just to get into the landing zone. Yeah, and I assume if you get a lead by two scores, it's just going to be who cares. Anyways, they're just going to be blasting it out. But there's going to come a time where that bloop kick is going to be very beneficial. I was not great at it. Never had to be. Like, college, I hit a couple of them to the right, but it was like to the 15-20 as opposed to the 5-1. I wasn't good at like, hey, we need like 77%. I'm like, eh. I hate to break to you. This one's going to have to go. This one's either going to be an onside kick or this thing's going out of there. These guys are talented. They'll be able to adjust, but the game is changing. Andy Reid, very excited about the new rules. Said Coach Tobe went in and started finding an edge on it like everybody's going to do. Xavier Worthy, another guy that's good news for the new kickoff return, especially if there's going to be 1,500 more plays potentially of explosivity. Now, I don't know if it's 1,500 plays. And this is kind of a late booking, so I didn't get all of the information. But there's a man joining us who has played professional basketball for 17 years. That's a long time. He's currently playing. Oldest bastard starting in the playoffs still right now, this guy. Went to high school here in Indianapolis. Went to college at Ohio State. Was the fourth overall pick. Played for the Grizzlies for about 13 years. The to college at Ohio State. Was the fourth overall pick. Played for the Grizzlies for about 13 years. The Jazz for about four years. And now he's on the Wolves for the last two seasons. Ladies and gentlemen, Mike Conley Jr. Yeah, boy! What's up, y'all? Hey, you're old as shit, dude. Old as shit. How's it feel? Body feel good? Life feel good? This has to be very fulfilling to be the oldest guy still playing and starting in the NBA right now in the playoffs. It does. It does. It definitely, the body does take a hit here and there. But, you know, as you get older, you learn how to deal with it. And luckily I'm around a bunch of young guys that keep me young and keep me moving good. Okay, so let's talk about that team. And obviously, Indianapolis, incredibly proud of you, man. Hell yeah. City loves you. City loves you back here, as does everywhere you've been. I saw in Utah some stuff that you did with the community, and then obviously same thing. So, like, incredible human, thank you for joining us. Happy you're still around. Let's talk about what's currently happening with the Nuggets. What the hell? So I thought, okay, Malone, Joker, Jamal, championship guys in the playoffs, very used to this. They were going to figure out whatever your guys' shit was. They obviously put the Phoenix Suns into a blender, into a potential boom in the middle of a desert of a team. But it's like 2-0, last night, 26-point margin of victory over the reigning champs. What is it about this team with how long you've been in the league that makes you feel good about where the Timberwolves are heading and where you guys are at this exact moment, Mike? Man, it starts at the top. You look at Ant, you look at Cat, look at Rudy Gobert, our coaching staff, Tim Conley, our GM. The culture that was built here is all about winning. It's about doing it right now. It's about doing it the right way. I mean, there's no cutting corners. You know, guys go out there and they put their hard hat on and take pride in defense. And that's not just one or two guys. It's all 15, you know, who jump in there. And when you have that kind of atmosphere, man, you can do a lot of good things god aj mike watching you guys play defense it's fun like watching you guys hustle and just harass everybody it's crazy to see is that more of uh like playing defense in the nba is it more of a scheme thing or is it just pure effort and you guys hey we want it more than that a lot of it is you just got to want it more you You know, you got to have that desire to do it. You got to take pride in it. I mean, our guys, you know, we don't want to be scored on a one-on-one, let alone just, you know, as a team. But, you know, our schemes have been really good. We're able to do that because we have guys like Rudy Gobert, you know, Nas Reed, Jaden McDaniels, Nikhil Alexander, Ant, like everybody's chipping in on that aspect of the game. But guys just want to want it more right now. And that's spectacular to see guys really, really take pride in it. Yeah, it potentially made a guy throw a heating pad on a court last night. Your defense potentially did that. You know, that's not easy to do in 2024 in professional sports. No, no. Get somebody to throw something onto a court. It's crazy. That's in the game. No, no. Get somebody to throw something onto a court. That's crazy. That's in the game. That's not easy. I've never seen that. I've never seen that. I didn't know it happened, actually, until it was later in the day, but that was crazy. Yeah, and the towel. I think the first thing was the towel. I do believe that ref was the target. I don't think the court was necessarily the end The towel goes not enough density, can't make it to the ref from where I'm sitting. Okay, so we got to get something a little heavier. Looked around, probably. What do we got? It's not too heavy, but can I can get ends up missing. If that takes out a ref, though, that's a whole different conversation. And yeah, I was more worried about Cat's foot. I was a little worried he's going to step on it. But could you imagine? Because they mop those floors so there's no slipping. That is a potential problem. We missed it. Catastrophe avoided. Thank God we move on. You guys win by 26. Before the boys have some questions for you, Mike, I want to talk about the guy that you sit next to at some of these press conferences and has obviously captivated the entire basketball world. He was phenomenal in hustle. Just such a good actor. He's only 22 years old right now and now everybody wants to talk about who he's compared to oh it's michael jordan this guy might actually be the next michael jordan with his mindset he said let's not do that because of everything what have you seen from him over the last two years i assume behind the scenes uh there's been a lot of growth that has also taken place for him as a man that the nba is potentially getting put right on his shoulders do you guys feel that in there and what are your conversations like with him yeah um you know he's he's transforming right in front of our eyes you know all of us I think he's uh he's a you know a guy that's worked hard you know from from since I've known him he's been that kind of guy he's been a guy that comes in early leaves late um really demands the most out of his teammates and competes every day in practice. Like all that stuff, the mentality portion is dead on. But I think he's just taking an approach now where it's about winning whatever it takes to win, you know, pumping up his teammates, you know, knowing, you know, how to get guys going at different moments in games, knowing when to take over. And it's all happening, you know, in prime time for him. And couldn't have it to a better guy who truthfully loves the game. He loves, you know, loves the people he's around. He has an infectious kind of personality. I think the world is getting to know him a little bit now. So hopefully he just continues to grow and develop into that superstar we think he can be. Yeah, and the NBA folks are like, yep, this is the future. This is the future. He's right now, Mike. It feels like he's right now, it feels like, Mike. Yeah, yeah, no, he's not waiting. And that's what's different about him is, you know, you expect guys like that to be like, oh, yeah, I'll be up next. And, you know, I'll take my, you know, a couple years of learning and bumps and bruises. Like, he wants it right now. He wants to be the best. He won't tell you, but he believes he's the best, you know, in the world. He's very humble at the same time. He gives respect to those in front of him and the guys he looks up to, which makes him, you know, that much more special, a young talent. Yeah, I love the way he gets it. He's a dog. Yeah. He way he's a dog yeah he's just a dog absolutely yeah it's 2024 you know you don't know how many of those are left a roman and uh seems like the nba has got one for at least the next 20 years with the way it looks like he competes and he's taking care of his body connor's got a question for you mike yeah mike with being like the elder statesman in the locker room and you know you're mentioned and and how he wants it now like what are some of the things that you do as that vet to kind of pass on knowledge to him and some of the younger guys? And then also, you know, going back throughout your career, obviously, 17 years and still plenty of basketball left. Do you almost feel like a proud older brother when you see some of the other guys that you've been teammates with in the past do well? Like Spider Mitchell winning a series for the Cavs the first time in 50 years 50 years basically without LeBron that they've won a series is that something also you see in like hey sure my game itself speaks for you know who I am but you know the effect that I've had on other guys and how well they're doing now is also something you hold high in your career oh yeah most definitely this this point in my career um you know as far as it is you know being the older guy old as shit oh yeah sorry sorry yeah what you just said um but uh yeah no it's it's uh you know it's a fun it's a fun little journey for me you know being able to be the guy now that has to you know put guys in line but not all only that but you know kind of set things in order of you know how important the moments are how to take care of your body you know know, things you can eat, things not to do because these young guys can get away with a lot, but I want them to start, you know, fixing their body right now, getting their mind right for, you know, as they get older and the grind of the game gets a little bit tougher on them. And that's what I'm here for. And then as far as like, you know, Spida and, you know, you look at Joe Ingles was on Orlando and I'm over here watching them both and don't know who to root for because they're both, you know, ex-teammates and, you know, calling them both and just checking in on them and their series. And, you know, just fun to see them all, you know, being successful and being able to, you know, play at the highest level. Even though we're not teammates, we're still checking in on each other. to play at the highest level. Even though we're not teammates, we're still checking in on each other. So you knew that series was happening. That's what I just learned. It was still going on. We didn't know until game seven. That was on me. That was 100% on us. It was a great game, though. Cavs were down 10 and a half. Then they end up winning by 10. First team ever do that. How about being a team that just goes into the champion's house and just says, yeah, this is our house now. Without even blinking. Dominate them. D-Bot's got a question for you, Mike. Yeah, usually, at least from the outside looking in, the mindset going on the road is like, hey, let's steal one and get back home with at least one win in our back pocket. But you guys went in there and got two. Now you're going back home. What's mindset going back to Minnesota? Is it, hey, we don't want to get back on the flight? Or do you think about just one game, one play at a time? Yeah, our mindset hasn't changed no matter who we've played and what game it's been. It's been a one game mentality. Each game has been the biggest game of the season for us. And we've kept it at that. We feel like we can win anywhere, anytime. And we have so much respect for the Nuggets and what they're capable of doing. And there any time. And we have so much respect for the Nuggets and what they're capable of doing and their superstar power that they can come in and beat us in our home court. So we're definitely aware of that and going to be locked in for game three. And we'll see what happens after that. Hey, the shirt you're wearing, Good Guys Finish First, that's your merch brand. That's a great motto. That's a good logo. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. We actually started a little mini-series not too long ago, earlier this season, where I was showcasing some of my personality and sportsmanship and all this stuff that people think I'm good at. But now it's just become a motto, become something I want to live by, and point out those examples of good, solid people throughout our world. That number one good guy mug. That thing's going to be moving. Number one good guy coffee mug. What a... Yeah, that's hilarious. The way you hold that, that number one good guy's going out too if you're ready. I need you to hold one one day. That's all I need. I've just got into coffee. I'm an Americano fan. A couple shots of espresso, add some hot water. I will dabble with a Splenda. I will put a Splenda in there. I've just gotten into it. Number one good guy mug on the way. We appreciate you joining us. Good luck the rest of the way, brother. Thank you. Appreciate you guys. Lawrence North High School Right here in Indianapolis. What a legend. Now playing in his 50th year in the NBA. Ladies and gentlemen, Mike Conley Jr. Hey, Mike! He's Indianapolis legend. Oh, yeah. Stud golfer. I think he's a scratch golfer, too. Really? Beast. Yeah, he plays back in Ohio all the time. He's a monster. I assume there's some good guys finish first golf stuff. I would assume. You could try another G, too, if not. Good golf guys finish first? Boom. Jeez. That's right there. Starting a blunder. Come on. There's not golf. Come on. Is he lefty? How is he golf? He was in the Bahamas when we were down there, but I do not remember what hand he is. I tell you what, my golf game has gotten worse, boys. What? What do you mean? No, I don't believe that. No, I watched you out there the other day, and it looked pretty good to me. Did you see, like, what, 40% of the shots, though? And every time one of those happens, every time one of those happens, I think of myself walking in Tahoe into the Into the woods for 250 yards. You know who you are out there? And being so tired and being so exhausted. And then guess what? Punching out off a tree, I'm back. And now I got the opportunity to go back in the same damn woods. Okay. But I'm going to work through it, AJ. We're going to do the American Century Championship. Yes. Yeah. Woo. Just like we're going to do a big-time Wednesday tomorrow. We hope you'll join us. The show stinks, but sports are awesome, so why not chat about it? Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Just like dude wipes. That's right. Only one per flush, but it will change your life. Bidet on the go. We'll see you tomorrow. Goodbye. I feel like I got a little bit. Nice. there though okay you always say that he practiced in the hardest conditions or whatever you guys are hitting the greens that are the size of this desk and also the same materials this desk and then when you guys don't hit the green you're upset yourself it's not the same it's real but we do need to get some sand treatment out there that was part of the deal we need to get them to come out and treat the greens with a little bit of sand so those balls deck a little bit impossible get a ball screen I'm looking at you brother you need to get a ball to stay. Russ Green, I'm looking at you, brother. You need to get a couple of the boys out here and treat these greens with some sand. Who's Russ Green? Is that a – Your neighbor? You know who that is? His former neighbor. He's not my neighbor anymore. Bummer. But, yeah, he needs to get out here with Miguel and some of the boys and treat the greens with a little bitier. We did meet GC McGill whenever they were building it with his team. They were fantastic. They put in two greens literally in like three days or whatever. It's a nice addition to the property here at the Thunderdome. Foxy's hitting a whole one on both of them. Yes, he has. I absolutely love it back there. What's that, AJ? I saw the video of Foxy draining one. That was the 100-yard one. He dunked it. So he found his 100 club. That one is so much harder to hit. You go out there enough, one of them is going to go in eventually. Is it a hole-in-one? No, no, no. It's not a hole-in-one. It's half a hole-in-one and you made two of them. I think it's a chip-in. It's a chip-in for sure. I think it in. If I was to put it in, I would say I chipped in. And there's not a lot of par threes that are 100 yards. You're not texting your buddies and saying, hey, I made a hole in one today. No. That's a good point. The only thing cool about it was the slam dunk. I mean, the odds of that are unbelievable. That is fantastic. Silky swing. The only way that'll hold that green is if you dunk it. You can see the sand come Bam. Not even close. What's Russ doing? I don't know. I don't know. You guys could do it. Get a spreader. Put some sand in there. Get a little fertilizer spreader. That wasn't the deal. That's not part of the deal, AJ. You pay for a service. I didn't know you guys were going to react that way. Russ Green was a character in the office for whatever, the two weeks that this was all coming He offered like six different flag colors out there. I'm like, bro. Master's edition flags, I believe we got. Yep. Custom ones we can get in here. Different pole sizes, obviously. Oh, man. We should get 20-foot poles. I think we did get the max pole. Yes. There was a shorter pole that was available. Good stiff pole. Handles the wind pretty well. We'll take the big pole, please. We would like to be represented with big old poles out there. Stiff as you got. On our tiny little bushes. I don't know. Those greens. Exactly. Those greens are tiny. Yeah, small landing pad. Big poles, tiny bushes. Major coming up. Huh? Yeah, next week. Which one? At Valhalla. PGA Championship, I do believe. And guess who's playing in it? Who's that? It's a real It's a real major Well they let Brooks in I think Brooks is Defending Defending champion Okay so this is a real major Oh yeah PGA championship Yeah PGA doesn't have anything PGA championship Is not run by the PGA Tour It's run by the golf pros At the courses That you can go to Around town Bingo Right That's the Oh Blocky This is that tournament that, yes, you play in the tournament. Is he in? The U.S. Open you do that too, though, right? What's that, pal? You do. The U.S. Open you can qualify through local qualifiers, but you can do that for the PGA as well? Yeah, but I think the people that are running this is the group that is the professional golfers of America or whatever. So you're like the pro of a big country club or whatever, like Blocky, and then all of a sudden you get in and you take the world by storm? No. If you're in it, you're a part of the group, I think. They're the ones that run it, right? Yeah, you can sign up for it. Oh, they run it, but I'm going to say play it to actually play in it. For those guys, can some of those pros qualify to play in this? Well, that's interesting. Because it wasn't Blocky like, hey, this was the... Representative. Yeah, the selection for the... You still have to qualify. You still have to play and win. And Blocky. And Blocky obviously fucking went out and went real low. Shot like a 55 or something. He was on the Esports. He was. He's invited to the Masters. Yeah. He went to the one the weekend after. The RBC Canadian Open thing. Yeah. and open thing. Yeah. And he dominated. Nah, I believe he missed. Did he win? The following. Oh. No. Why do you remember that so fast? It feels like a little... Well, I got a little sour on the whole blocky deal pretty quick. Whoa, what? It was cool with the PGA, and then I'll be honest, I was one of those guys who was like, all right, I've had my blocky fill for the year, He got thrown into a deep end. Yeah, well, yeah, you're right. It was. When he came out and said, like, listen, if I hit it like Rory, I'd be the best fucking player in the world. That was kind of when I was like, all right, fuck this guy. I'm done hearing from this guy. No way. Yeah. It was fair. He didn't say that. He didn't say that. That's basically how it read. But in the conversation, I think Blocky was like, I played with my kid. He gets to like 370 yards. So whenever we're doing scrambles, I play from where he's at. I'm up and down. Best iron player in the world. Which? There's a chance. Who are we to say no? There's not. I love Blocky. It sounds like you don't. Actually, you're right. Actually, you're right. I don't love Blocky. But if he was the best iron player in the world, guess what? He wouldn't be teaching golf lessons for $85 an hour. He'd be fucking playing on the tour. That's kind of the way it works. I just hope he's back next week. Yeah, well, he had a baby, right? No, he's taking off this weekend because they are expecting to have it, I believe, this weekend. Listen, I don't know how pregnancies work. Only been through one of them. Okay? There's others on the call who have been through more. But them telling us it was happening at the Masters, I guess possible. You know, like any time could potentially green light that entire thing. But the fact that it's still... I don't think it was as cold... When's she due? Do we know? I don't know. I think two weeks from now. I hope she's okay. Obviously, everything is just a healthy thing. This could get in the way of the PGA. That's next week, yeah. Yeah, but I don't think he's playing. My belief, Masters Day was like, he might have to leave hole four. Because we are very... Who was spinning that, though? It wasn't him, I don't think. I think the media might have played that up a tiny bit, possibly. All All we hope for is a healthy pregnancy, legitimately. Healthy pregnancy, healthy baby, that whole thing. For sure. But boy, they play with my emotions with Scotty Scheffler, with how great he was playing and how important Masters is as a whole for your legacy and everything. I'm like, have to go see the baby, though, especially if it's first one, have to go do that. So it was like a real, that was a nice added little element of the old Scotty Scheffler drama as he was doing it all. I don't think there were really that – I don't know if there was any – because there is some signs, right? Yeah, she might have been having, like, contractions or something like that. Braxton Hicks, they call it, right? Yep, bingo. Fake contractions. How many kids do you have, AJ? Four. So for, like, five weeks now, four or five weeks, is that how long how long has it been i mean yeah you know you're in the you know when you're in the zone when it could happen i guess so yeah it could happen anytime sometimes the last month or so okay my baby girl came i think a 10 or 11 days early something like that okay 10 or 11 days early so that was that was certainly surprising i had one oh yeah no i had one kid two weeks late and another kid two weeks early from their due dates so yeah it all i don't, I don't know. Mine was almost a month early, but, I mean, it is what, but Scotty, I just looked it up, Scotty was asked, you know, if she were to go into labor, would you leave early, would you leave the Masters? And he said yes, but as far as her going to labor, I wouldn't say I'm very concerned. We haven't seen any of the early signs. Oh, they didn't let us hear that, I think. Or they tried to hide that part about it. Well, I mean, we're easily fine to hear on May 7th. So I assume it was. But he said, but yeah, we're good lines of communication, and she can get a hold of me anytime she needs to. Okay. All right. So we just didn't do enough journalizing. Sure. Yeah, because we've been through, a couple of us have been through it, and it's like, Jesus, that's a lot of, for him to be golfing as good as he's golfing with that potentially about to happen on the horizon. This guy is a machine. For us, it like built up Scotty in the story. Maybe we weren't looking for the truth, and that's part of the problem. And that's part of the problem. Just something to get better at. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah. You're right. I'll go up from here. Yeah, good to know. I'm going to jot it down and be better. He's a robot. I wonder what the odds are for him. Whoa. To be a human? Professional pickleball player. They were 450 for the Masters. 450, which is insane. Insane. How's your golf game? All right. You're doing G1 races and stuff. I'm glad with where it's at I'm still mid-90s But I'm happy with that God That's awesome Mid-90s A year About what About 17 months into it So That's pretty good And you're still not taking gimme's Absolutely not I don't believe that D-Bet will be a scratch golfer In like Eight months from now Yeah I think Once you crack into the second He's down there in Florida. The weather's nice. There's something about DBs, too. I'm sure you play with some. DBs, when they get into golf, they are all in. Even wideouts like Joey Galloway. I don't know how good he is now, but Joey is deadly serious about golf. He's posting every day. He's out there. He's either cutting down a tree. This guy was removing a tree stump from his house, Joey Galloway. an axe. I didn't see it today. He's swinging a fucking axe. He's doing his entire thing. He's got his big towel hanging out of his shit. Probably later, he'll be golfing tonight and it'll be him rolling seven footers on the green and making them. It's like, this guy loves golfing. I think he likes doing housework. He was digging a trench the other day in his fucking front yard. Getting ready. All pro-po. He's a stick. Oh yeah? He's one of the longest drive at the Pro Bowl a couple years ago. This is Joey Galloway this morning fucking swinging the axe. Jack! Stay busy. Fucking Jack! What the hell? Yo. Yeah, and then he's going to go golf? Is this the video or just a screenshot? He's got to be at least 50. Because if we get to the video, he's swinging that fucking axe. I'm telling you. Are you kidding me? That's those guys' arms? Are you joking? He's fucking huge. He'll probably still run like a 4-4 right now. What the fuck? He's fucking... I mean, where we are trying to... He's trying to cut through roots of trees that have been there probably 150 years. There's a better way to go about that. Well, certainly there's machines that can go about coming down in there. But Joey always says, I am the machine. That's good work. Short cuts. I wonder what he's going to put there. He's trying to get that stump out of there. What's he going to do? Put a statue of his arms. I think he's putting a potential statue of himself, which wouldn't be a bad idea from our particular program. All in favor of that, say aye. Aye. Okay, so if you do it, Joey, know we're behind you. Could be a Japanese maple. Yeah, it is. Purple. Maybe a garden, some flowers. Yeah, he's a good golfer. Fresh veggies. He's out there golfing all the time. Saban, what he said, I'm just trying to do chores in the morning so I can go golfing. Yeah, bingo. He's probably living it, of course. 52 years old. Joey? Jeez. Fuck. That's bullshit. Where's he at? I was right in Columbus, like 10 minutes from me. I see him coaching his kids' basketball games and stuff. He pulled me out of the stands to ref a game one time when I was wearing construction boots with no laces in them. I had to ref with no whistle for half the game. I was clapping at these kids. The game was starting, and I see him point me out in the stands. He's like, come on, man. Come on. I was like, what? I was wearing these boots I have that don't tie. He's like, I need you to ref. I was thinking, all right, sure. And I had no whistle. You know how hard it is to ref without a whistle? I was clapping in kids' faces. Hey, hey, yo, like yelling at them. So you had no laces, no whistle. Yeah, running up and down. In the dead of the winter, I was running up and down. You know, I don't run distance well. I only can sprint, so it did not look good either. How many refs? You were the only ref on the court? I got me a whistle after halftime. A dude found me a whistle. And that helped more than you would know. Yeah. That helped more than you would know. No, I think we would understand. Absolutely. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Wow. Whistle, whistle. And the kid just keeps going and getting drains of lab. I'm like, all right, count it. Whatever. Here we go. Three. Yeah. All right, let's take a break. Hour three is going to be terrible. Well. We got a lot to catch up on. Yeah. Can't believe what happened to Seamus last night. Criminal. Busted blood vessels on his chest last night. God, that was vicious. Full handprint on his back from Gunther. That's not the biggest news of the night. What's the biggest news of the night? I just want Drew to get healthy quickly. Drew McIntyre? Yeah. Yeah, he got pulled out of the King of the Ring? Yeah, what's going on? Well, Adam Pearce had to look out. He said, if you don't say anything, okay, I don't even know you're hurt, but you want to go out and say, I'm hurt all the time, you, I got to pull you from the match. Got to save him from him. What was Adam Pearce tweeting you about? Well, because I do, you know, he's got a lot on his plate, Adam Pearce. Do your job, Scrap Daddy. Yeah, but Scrap Daddy AP does do his job pretty well, and then something will pop up. Does he? Does he? Sometimes. I think there are some decisions he's made in the past that have been good. Last night, he made some good decisions. Put Jey Uso in the King of the Ring. There you go. That was great. Great decision. I want to turn his comments on, too. I want to leave a reply. Jey shouldn't have to be King of the Ring, okay? He should just be champion. Got to earn it. He could have been this weekend. He had a shot, Steve. Yeah, judgment day. He said, I won't prove this myself. So last night there was a big kiss and make up situation. I mean, it was a lot happening. Hartford, Dan Hurley was there. He got a match. R-Truth, didn't he set up a match with the UConn Huskies? He thought the NCAA was a wrestling promotion. Ah, sure. You see, there's OVW, there's GCW, there's old school TNA, NWA, OCW, Office Championship Wrestling, AEW. He thought NCAA was a wrestling promotion. I can see how he can get it. He heard that Dan had two titles, so that means tag team. So they're tag team champs. You're obviously a tag team champ. Let's go ahead and settle this thing. Miz had a straight in the mouth, but I'll tell you what. The way Truth's brain works, one of the greatest we got. Big time. We need to hang on to Truth. Yes, we do. Put him over. How about the car CM Punk showed up in last night? So sick. So punk. That is so punk. Right after Drew McIntyre leaves and went Ferrari with him. Yeah, that was also sweet. Pretty cool. I thought it was way too big for a Ferrari. He got right in there. Yeah. As I saw the car behind him, I was like, is Drew McIntyre about to pick up a Ferrari right now? Like, as it was all unfolding? And he opened the door. I'm like, Drew's getting into a racing car? Ferrari kit. And he did. Such a good night in Hartford. Long, long night. Good drivers in Connecticut. Great drivers. Pause the music. Just to my point, I've been pounding the Connecticut has the worst drivers in the country for how long? Basically, since I got here. Okay. So, I'm not going to get into how the driving was. Oh, boy. Okay, because that's always the thing. You know, boy okay okay but that because that's always the thing you know trying to get the arenas it's tough it's fucking awful it's not an easy job okay it's like officials trying to leave an arena when they shut down roads and then if you make a wrong turn guess what you're going right back to the arenas traffic again and then you're gonna have to do another you're gonna take the tractor another round there's a chance you get stuck in a rain traffic for no shit, some of these places, hour and a half after you're leaving one of these events. So that's a big part of the drive and the recklessness of it. But the driver that picked us up at the airport and drove us to Hartford, which was a 32-minute drive, longest one that we've had, getting to Hartford not easy but worth it. Nothing that is worth it is easy to get to. That's right. Hart Nothing that is worth it is easy to get to. That's right. You know, Hartford, Connecticut, the XL Center, they need to do some upgrades. So I cannot believe that's where the national champions are playing. But nonetheless, got a lot of good history. Got a lot of good history. The driver, I don't know if he had a mint in his mouth. Great man. Very kind man. Was dressed very well. Noble. But very, very great voice too well very much i don't know if he had a mint in his mouth for 32 minutes or if he just had something about he oh is it a werther's werther's original probably might have been 10 of them might have been 10 of them 32 minutes straight can you talk you guys you guys chatted the whole time no i turned the music up on my phone as loud as possible and held it to like right in front of my face so that i could drown out that sound. And then I Googled what the name of it is. Cause I knew it was a misophonia. Okay. I have misophonia. All right. And individuals in misophonia, which afflicts up to 20% of people feel anger, disgust, and a desire to flee when they hear certain sounds chewing and similar noises from the mouth are most often associated with the condition. I wanted to jump out of this guy's car. Okay. That's what I got to. And I said, I can't be the only one that feels this way. Obviously 20% of the people, I think that number is wrong. I think it's a lot more people. We are getting to a point where I think more people in society are sick of people with their mouths whenever they're chewing on something. And that's good news for society. that and if we can be an advocate for hey the only difference between you and a barn animal is the ability to chew with your fucking mouth closed i am excited that that is what we are standing for on this particular may 7th aj i won't let you know that i mean now you have a name you can put a name to the now it wouldn't call it a disorder but yeah i completely understand like get me out of here misfire it's a disorder it is it's 100 of disorder so it's not your fault, Pat. Don't feel bad at all. This happens to a lot of people, including myself. Just remember that. The disorder is the person that chomps their mouth open, you know, with their mouth open and slaps their gum and eats Werther's the whole time. Okay, that's, yeah, I saw a lot of people. That's what Foxy was trying to text. Foxy was texting me privately and posting on it. Hey, fight the good fight. You are not wrong. You're allowed to be disgusted right now in feeling the way you're feeling. This guy was such a good guy. He didn't want to tell him. Like, hey, how about a. You can't really tell him, right? Hey, man, can you please just spit out whatever you're doing? Yeah, you're stuck right there. You're just stuck there. In a car. That And of course, 32 minutes. Maybe you should have put something, put like eight, 15 pieces of gum in your mouth and start chomping it and talking to him. Oh, talk over. Maybe my chomping stuff. See, if he would have been like, hey man, can you take that gum out of your mouth? That's really, I got misphonia. I had to say something. Because we talked about providing a service. Before, like, he's providing a service. 30-something Did he not know that sound was projected? That's what I'm saying. Obviously not. I mean, at least he got A to B without any headroom. Yeah, the guy was a great driver. Yeah, great driver. Great driver. Good vibes. Second guy, though. Second guy got us lost twice. He's a good guy. Well, then he fucking drove. Yeah, you're right. For you, someone with misophonia, you should definitely travel with earbuds. Yes. Yeah, but I don't like that because I don't like the isolation. I like feeling. I know, but would you rather? Right, AJ? Isn't that how you, you know what I mean? Sometimes, too, like, yeah, you wear headphones, you feel like someone's going to attack you from behind, too. I need to be aware of what's happening around me. In the car. Yeah, the WWE cars, you do, I mean, you never know. Fucking fucking Ilya Dragunovsky could be behind you ready to fucking slip in a deep chokehold. I guess in that situation you're probably right. I'm talking walking around in public. I got a problem with that. It's not Ilya Dragunovsky. It's Ilya Dragunov. Are you sure he's from Russia? Moscow. What's he doing knocking off Ricochet? His accent is not heavy enough. He kind of looks like a Jagoff. He needs to have a thicker accent. He has a 10-pack. What are we even talking about? I like the guy. If you're going to be from Russia, be from Russia. Ricochet did like five leaping tricks last night. Tricks? Yeah. Those are all punishing moves. Yeah, exactly. What are we doing? How is he losing to that guy? It's over. Ricochet's a dog. Is it true Dragunov got suspended from the Olympics? He's the speed champion. Listen, we all are. That's why they fight. Exactly. That's why they fight. Why is the ring there? You got a big win, okay, over Ricochet last night. But, I mean, yeah. How does Ricochet not get hurt every night? Box office. He's a maniac. Because he's a mania cheese because he's he's like an olympian whenever it comes to gymnastics he's tough and also look at him he's over he's a speed champion oh that was one suck it commie what a sale by dragon off that was one wait a minute he thought this is unbelievable he thought he was going to be able to get away huh no american dive too yeah right off the front row. I thought there's maybe some... Oh, Dragunov almost hit the pole there, didn't he? Not even going down. Yeah, so woozy. Well, somebody get a little ricochet woozy, you know, and how about the third one? He's going to do the same thing. Dragunov's ready. Ah! Oh! Yeah. Ass to moth. Yeah, that's ricochet football. Uh-huh. So much higher than people think. It's so much higher than it looks like on screen. How about when you're standing up? Oh, it's so scary. You got to add wherever your eyes are, and it's like so high. It does feel like it. But the fall comes quick. You know, you got to get your head over. Yeah, you could break of something. Yeah, we're all big Ricochet fans around here. So Ilya was certainly impressive. He's a fucking technician. And a striker. He came in well. A little bit of both. Caused the H-bomb. Got some Roman in him. Interesting. Interesting, eh? Yeah, it is. Can you ask him? I think it's a heavy bomb. Should have been the U-bomb. Will you ask him if he's actually from Russia? Yeah. Actually, what are you talking about? You think this guy's a liar? Well, if he is, then tell him to use his real accent because it's not thick enough for me. You can't hear his accent when he's celebrating? Come on. He goes, ah! You can't hear his Russian accent? I hear it there a little bit. I mean, Bill does that same thing doesn't mean he's Russian. Let's get to a break. Bill kills people. That's how you know he's Russian. He's Davey American. That's not true. Moscow, Russia. And Germany. By way! Yeah, dude. He's had other stops before from Russia to here. I didn't know Rick Baxter trained him. And Axel. Axel Tischer. One of the best. Not the best. He's the Bob Baffin. We all know who the best trainer is. Of course. Rest in peace. No. Rip Rogers is still alive. That's not who I was talking about. I was thinking of our good personal friend, Drew Gulak. Well. That's who I was thinking of as well. How about Drew? He's no longer with WWE. Ronda Rousey. A situation happened between him and Ronda Rousey. Ronda Rousey is not like him. Boy. And some people responded. Jimmy Smith is not like Ronda Rousey either. No, that's the part of the WWE, though. The wrestling world has so much. That is wrestling it's part of it but if anybody got offended by anything obviously that's not great ron rousey's a legend we are yeah man if ron rousey's gonna get crazy and her husband travis good dude maybe seen the whole like hey but drew gulak did not make any friends over there he didn't or anywhere else seems like people are kind of charging out of the woodwork to say this guy's a piece of shit. I don't love it, but it's happening. He came to Indy to help train with us. Yeah. Was that Cole? Yeah, because he's so bad at all. Yeah, yeah. 2019? Yeah, 2019. I see that Adam Cole scumbag still trying to get some rub on your birthday. Yeah. He said something mean on my birthday. That's what I'm saying. It's like, Cole, give it up, brother. No one cares about you anymore. Except for us. He said he wished Pat to have a bad birthday. Worst birthday. He's still wrestling? No. See, that's the question. And it shouldn't be because he's great. Well, I don't know if a still do it. Adam will always do it. Scumbag, but he will always. There's one thing I've been certain of. It's my disdain for Pat McAfee's show. Hope you have a worse birthday. Scumbag. Middle finger emoji even. Yeah, fuck you. Party. Fuck you, party. Two fuck you parties. Fuck this guy. Yeah, I hope your birthday sucks too, Adam. Except we don't know what it is. Jeez. Fuck this guy. Yeah, I hope your birthday sucks too, Adam. Yeah. Boom. Except we don't know when it is. That's a lot of retweets. I'd say he's still over. Yeah, I got a lot of action. I saw it a lot in my timeline on my birthday. Sure. What's this guy's problem? Yeah, Foxy, you retweeted too, prick? Just pointing to that guy is. What do you do to you, Ty, remember? Yeah, he fucking shoved me, and I actually got a small perforation in my colon. So still dealing with that, actually. I was just trying to fucking mediate. Hey, we don't need to do this when we're live. You're going to look like an asshole. You're going to look like a moron. You don't want to do this. Shove me. You didn't want to hear it. And what happened? Yeah, well, I shouldn't say small, fairly large perforation in my colon that I'm still dealing with. Very painful, almost on a daily basis. That's why I have to go Nobody talks about it. Nope. Adam Cole. And poop your pants, too. Thank you, Dew Weeps. Thank you, Dew Weeps. Thank you, Dew Weeps. No, thank you, Adam Cole. Yeah, no, thank you. He's so short-tempered. Wow. That was a funny little joke you made there. Yeah. He got so bad. He did. So quick. I think that was part of the reason he so upset. A couple of those. What? I thought we were joking too, just making cracks about his height. But he didn't see it that way. He didn't love it. I saw it hit the internet the other day. People calling it our most embarrassing moment. It wasn't. We don't like people acting like that on our show. Not at all. We like to be a welcoming place. Bomb dot moment, maybe. We like to bring people together and all of a sudden, we got God, losers, and mine. Yeah. That's unprofessional. You were bummed out. That's unbecoming of us, AJ. Wasn't it? That is unbecoming. But why? He came into your studio and did that, though. Like, you can't do that. We know that. He was in town seeing family. Hadn't seen in a while. Yep your house yeah taking the remote and you don't dump in somebody else's house yeah exactly jim broke big news today same page there the master master bathroom too oh yeah primary after a couple helpings to meatloaf yeah so many dude he flushed four dude wife's daughter well i think he actually just wiped the ass with like a very nice hand that he had in there and just kind of left it on the ground. Embroidered. It was embroidered. Said McDaniels on the wedding gift. What did Irsay bring? He tweeted, big, big news coming. Oh, boy. Last time he did this, we got Trent Richardson. I think this one's for White Buffalo here to the Indy Zoo. Tell you what, this news, we're going to make at least a show or two out of it. What? Yeah. Holy hell. I'm zeked up about it. What is it? He said the schedule's coming real soon. Okay! Okay! If you smell a 2024 schedule coming out soon, he's talking about football. Let's go. Yeah, we can react to that. And we can circle some dates. Yeah, we will. Somebody call Conte, the guy that said it's off-season conditioning program, phase two, and say, is this happening? I'm calling. Yeah, is this part of the OCP phase two? Can you pause that music? Let's call the guy that started the OCP. Phase two. That Hartford Arena was crap. XL? Connecticut blows, brother. Old or what? They just need to renovate? They just need to renovate. They need to renovate. I guess the Huskies play there because how many people can 16,000 I think it can hold? Oh, it's big. Yeah, it's big. So they have an arena I think on can hold. Oh, it's big. Yeah, it's big. So they have an arena, I think, on campus that only has like 11,000, so it's 5,000 different. Obviously, Kasi's not here, so why would he start an OCP phase two? Probably locked in there. Locked in on what phase? I did hear about that. There's been some local news in the media. Let's take a break. We'll be back Saw that as well. There's a suspension. Oh, yeah. Oh, jeez. How do you come back? You don't. Sounds like he will not be invited to come back. If you need the situation broke down, Dan Dock's Twitter is a good place to go for that. Oh, jeez. Okay. Okay, let's get to a break. Good to know. Breakdowns on the big board with DD. Probably a selfie video. Just like I said, whole time. Let's get to a break. He's every day. Going. Respect it. Just jumping in. How can I? Somebody needs to hear it. Boom. People that are just getting introduced, Dan Dockage, he used to have a daily show here in Indy, three hours. He was wide open. I mean, that is why he is who he is right now. I think he misses doing that show just stirring shit. He literally just stirred shit in Indianapolis just from a studio. Then we'll walk out of there. Yep, go play golf. Go right back in there. Now he's in the politics world. Oh, yeah. And the sports judging world. And boy, he loves, I mean. Crushes. I can't do that. Like the amount of things that are said to him, he quotes it. Says this. It's like, yeah, bring more. It drives some people, man. It's like him yeah, bring more. It drives some people, man. It's like giving Mark Madden, like, Mark Madden, like, yeah, come on in. Those local radio show hosts, people in heels, boy, they got a different just view on seemingly everything and what matters and what doesn't. They don't give a fuck, none of them. Nope. Seemingly. Special brain talent. I don't have it. I'm too soft. Just like that Miss Fania. Yeah. I almost jumped out of a car on a highway. Let's get to a break. We'll be back on the other side wrapping up the beautiful Tuesday, May 7th. We haven't talked about so many important things. You remember? Oh, yeah. Are you kidding me? Micah? Oh, yes. An international conversation. USA. USA. USA. USA. All right. Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice about Change Your Life. Take five. What a dream. Being a part of game day was a joke. Being on the field for this is a joke. We continue to live the dumbest life of all time. We are live from an empty Mercedes-Benz stadium. All the off-season workouts, all the sickness, all the puking, all the commitment, all the dedication. We got four teams left, coach. What's the vibe in that locker room getting ready for this game? We're going to swing as hard as we can in this game, and CJ's our leader, and he's going to lead the way. Hell yeah. We're going to try to make the most dumb television on earth this evening live from this field right here in Mercedes-Benz Stadium. Darius Butler, nine-year NFL vet, playing at UConn. That team stinks, but they're coming back. Stanford Steve here. And this man right here wearing a Wolf t-shirt underneath his sport coat. He works for me full-time. But what are you excited about this evening, Connor? I mean, Pat, like you said, I have the IQ of a goldfish, so I'm not really taking all this in strictly because there's so much. The moment is huge. You know where you make your money. And this college level is the red area. Georgia number one. 120 is where Ohio State is ranked, which is nuts. Max Duggan is a dog. Let Duggan cook. Connor, good job. How are you boys? We say dumb stuff on the internet every day. You guys, you guys. Don't be out there, coach. What? What? What? What? In the boots. What's going on here, guys? Come on, you're on the other end. I'll buy it. I'll buy it. Didn't say fuck, didn't say shit. I was close, but I didn't do it. That's a win. That's a win. Do you buy it? That That's a win for me. He's on it. He's electric. Look at this. Look at this. Hey, coach, I don't know if you head-butted one of your guys or not, but you are awesome. I got a six-year-old son, man. I mean, it's a – They're going to have to rely upon those does. Kate Stover, the fan for our team. Yeah, number eight. He's like fourth-generation farmer. They don't just put that deer on anybody. There's going to be billionaires barking. There's going to be billionaires barking. Grown folks in khakis, barking in unison. That's got to become a thing next year. No, it's serious this post. That was great, yo. You all right? You all right? You all right? Yo, yo, yo. You spill anything? Nope. You spilled your phone. Could have been worse. Could have been much worse. The college football playoffs are about to kick off in Phoenix, Arizona. My name is Peyton Manning. That's an Ohio fucking lecture, not just a dream. Did you see A.Q. Shipley stacked on top of you, on top of Cole? I feel a shot coming. Sorry, Taylor. Oh, I told you. I got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. I got it. He's got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. To the bathroom? Let's go, baby. He's the reigning, defending, undisputed national champion in a home bout against the Ohio State Buckeyes. I'm joined by Darius J. Butler. Then we have the face of Ohio State, J.J. Hawkins. Boston Conner, Taj Pitt, and A.J. drove down here in a Springer van. His son killed twice on the way down here. Broken iPad. Had the windows bashed in puked twice on the way down here. Broken iPad. Had the windows bashed in this morning. Oh, my God. Just on the streets of Atlanta here. If Ohio State loses, what you've jot this down is the worst trip of all time. No, we love adversity, Pat. We love adversity in Ohio. In the end, though, Marvin. Oh, Marvin. Oh, no. Oh, no. What Oh, no! What? It is so loud. You can't hear a thing. Marvin A.C. Jr. ran through. How many routes, Connor? I think he had a post, then he had a corner, then he had another post in the end zone. Tucked the guard. Nice to know everything. This guy is all about ball. He is all business. All ball, all the time. Oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ball, touch the ball, touch the ball. Throw back there, ask him to. Throw that thing, swing that thing, and get my ass ball. Actually, let me, punch him! Oh! Touchdown! What a run! Uh-oh, uh-oh, again, again! Touchdown! Oh! Oh! Good stuff! There go that man again! That's too tight in, deep shot. He Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Are we live right now? And that's the way the cookie crumbles. Hail! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! 14 points. Put your fours up. It's coming right to me. Oh, that's short. Yeah, D-Buck! D-Buck catches it. Take it, take it. Take it to the house, D-Buck. Run, run, D-Buck! D-Buck catches it. Take it, take it. Take it to D-Buck. D-Buck, run. Take it to D-Buck. D-Buck. Any thought of like a fake punt direct snap here, Pat? That would be awesome. Oh! There it is. Time out. Time out. No! They call it time out? What happened? The time out in the history of college football. We've had two punts faked on us this year. We are very aware and know that people are going to try to steal possessions. Oh, oh. And in. Oh, my God. What a kick to put the Buckeyes on six. Well, I would be remiss if I didn't acknowledge your great catch under the goal post. I want you to know when I saw you make that, I thought for a second, is he going to return it? I had envisions of kick six when you caught that ball, so don't do that to us anymore. That's it. Takes a shot to the corner. Touchdown. Touch visions of kick six when you caught that ball so don't do that to us anymore and if you didn't know who we were before our show yes Yes. Every day, it is somehow this time. What a game. It was a good time, man. From all of us to all of you, Happy New Year! Enjoy the hell out of your evening! Probably the most interesting trade was the Randy Moss trade. After the draft, the first day of the draft, we've been trying to trade for Randy Moss for two months. All like childbirth. I mean, it's took forever. After the first day of the draft, I talked to Mr. Davis and I said, are we going to make this deal or not? And he said, yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it for your fourth. And I think we were picking like seventh in the fourth round. I said, well, we got to get the guy for a physical. We can't take his contract. We're going to have to renegotiate his contract. And Mr. I said, all right. I call up Randy. Hey, Randy, this is Coach Belichick. Boom. Hangs up the phone. What? Let me try this again. Randy, it's Coach Belichick. Who is this? Who's pranking me? Who is this? Bang. Hangs up the phone. Randy, this is Coach Belichick. We traded for you. What? Is this a joke? This better not be a joke. Who is this? No, no, no, no. This is... All right, all right, all right. Really? I said, yeah, but look, we got to get this done by tomorrow at noon. He goes, all right, what do I need to do? I said, we need to come up, take a physical, and we need to renegotiate your contract. By noon? Yeah. I said, well, I'm in Houston now, but I got a plane. I'll be there. Yeah. Uh-huh. Make sure he's alive. Okay, you're good. Renegotiate the contract. We're done at 10 o'clock. And the first thing he says to me is, where's the playbook? Oh, that's awesome, man. Right here. He said, okay, because when I walk out there with the first team, with Brady, I got to know all the plays. I can't go out there and make mental errors and screw up. I got to smart man this guy was smart on this post safety coverage what are you gonna do goes coach you ain't gonna see any post safety coverage against me like he goes you're gonna see cover two we haven't seen cover two in years he's like you're gonna see cover two and he was right and then he would say well here's how to run this route here's how to run that route and i started thinking like we gotta start giving randy some routes we're running this and they play cover two how we can move him into the slot. He's like, move me into the slot. I say, yes, you can get in the middle of the cover two. He's like, all right, good. 25 touchdowns. So many. Opens up the running game, too. I'm telling you, it was handy. Come on, man. I'm trying to. Jalen Milrow often wears his own branded apparel reading LANK across the front. It's an acronym that stands for Let a Naysayer Know. Being told by his former offensive coordinator, Bill O'Brien. That is not what I thought. Does that not know what you thought? Boy, let a naysayer know. Let a naysayer know. Of course. The professional is right in the middle of it. That's all right. I just keep going. I thought you almost lost me. Hey, man. Real tight up here as you were. I thought it was going down. I thought it was going down out here. I looked over at Nancy. Oh, sorry about that. Let a naysayer know. Let a naysayer know. Let a naysayer know. That's what we thought the whole time. That's what we all thought. Hey. What? Let's go. This show stinks. And the fact that you listen, we are very, very thankful for it. The all-time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, You pig! Stop! Stop! Damn it! the all-time leading tackler for the green bay packers you pink damn it your friend tell your friend something nice could change their life hello beautiful people and welcome back to our humble abode the thunderdome on this sports tuesday May 7th, 2024. Hour 3 of the program starts now. Sports! What wonderful. And sports bring the entire world together. Like a guy in an attic in Ohio, A.J. Hawk. Like a toxic table at Boston Corner and at Ty Schmidt. Like one half of the hammer, cowboys turn digs. And a nine-year NFL vet, Darius J. Butler. And I regret to be the one that continues to hammer home this particular fact that we learned earlier in the day from our friend Darius J. Butler, who said, I'll keep the plastic straws. Fuck them turtles, is what Darius Butler said. Verbatim. He then said, have you seen what some of these turtles are acting like towards the color white and then the color black? And I had not heard about racist turtles. We saw one video earlier where a man was wearing a white Air Force One and then he put a black piece of tape over the white Air Force One and when the black piece of tape is on There his turtle was attacked big time. Yeah, they take what a black piece of tape off all of a sudden. Whoa Everything's fine We have found more videos of racist or no damning AJ AJ. It's not good. This has been during a break We've been doing some journalism Here is a similar set up a little different as white's the white tape. Oh, it's good. It's fun. How about some black tape? Wait a minute. What the? What is that? Boom. Boom. Son of a bitch. Boom. Okay, well, take it back. How about brown? Oh, no. Oh, no. We didn't know. We didn't know what all colors were okay. How about this line of whites no problem there's white day very close but white tape all right I get what you were doing here you can't go to school here It's okay. Everything's okay there. What's going on over there? Yeah, it is a little. How about this? Just full on butt. Oh my goodness. White skin, obviously. Yeah, okay. Sorry, sir. How about this? Oh, a firing line. Oh, no. He's fuming. He just had an aneurysm. Oh, no. How can I get to the other side of this thing? How are we just learning this? Oh, what a better sign of the shoes. Get them both. Except for this one. Son of a bitch. These racist ass turtles. Now, what's foot? You know which one. Get out of here. What do we even do? Oh, both sides. I hate them all. Jeez Louise. Listen, with this much evidence, let's go to the next video. I believe this one's the one. Here we go. Oh, no. We're going through the barracks. Going through the barracks. Hey, buddy. Gentlemen, nice to see you. Gentlemen, nice to see you. As always, gentlemen, you son of a bitch. I knew you'd be here. How about this? Oh, man. Thanks for lighting them up for me, boys. Everything's fine. Thanks for lighting him up. Man. He thinks the whites are coming out to watch him do his thing. He's going to parade for them. Look at this. What? Can we get some kind of animal person on here to explain this? I don't think we need an explanation, brother. We know what it is. We know what's happening. Pretty black and white. I'll be not beeline. Fastest moving turtle ever. Pretty black and white. Anyways, hey, just like we've been saying this whole time. Oh, no, the bottom of the soul. Excuse me. The soul. The bottom of the soul. Oh. Excuse me. The soul. The soul. The soul. Wow. Socks. This can't be real. Oh, no. Goddamn right it's real. All right. So just like we've been saying this whole time, and I guess even nature, there's always going to be assholes. That's right. Okay. We don't assume that all turtles are racist. There's a chance. We're just learning. We're just learning about at least some of these turtles. But there's always going to be assholes. We can't let them determine how we feel. We've got to keep moving forward. Even if these fucking turtles have been around for hundreds of years. Yeah. Hating the hell out of everything that ain't white. Did you see the other unfortunate black and white animal news? Oh, no. Don't. Yeah, Tony, why don't you share with the group? Tell us, Tony. Why don't you share with the group, brother? There was a zoo that was dying puppies. Make them look like pandas. Is that right? Hold on. Pandas? Which one? Making puppies look like pandas. You say, why wouldn't they just use their pandas? I don't know. Oh, I think I know why. Color me shocked. Because they're all fucking not real. That's why. Pandas? Yeah. All of them? Yeah. Come on. Where'd they come from? Where'd they even fucking start? Who? Show me the first fucking panda. I think the realest panda in the world is probably Kung Fu Panda. That's Jack Black, brother. New York Post is reporting, and I don't know if New York Post is a real thing or no. It's a gossip rag. Oldest newspaper in New York. Zoo goers outraged to discover panda exhibit with actually dogs dyed black and white. And I'll tell you what. They do certainly look like dogs. But if I went to a zoo and wasn't expected, I think that little fucker could run by and I'd say, a panda. A panda just went by. Exactly. How many fucking times? How many times do people have done exactly what you just said? You're just walking by. Oh, panda exhibit. That's cool. Oh, look at these cool little pandas. Yeah. Nothing to see here. Fuck it. Look at these sweet little things. No, those aren't dogs. They're just baby pandas. That's what happens in every zoo across the country, brother. And we're just sitting here letting it happen, letting these people think that they've seen pandas. What about the 600 Oh, yeah, there's no 600-pound fat-zos we have in America that aren't looking for jobs, that we can't just dress them up and throw them in there. Then you would definitely not know. Oh, no, that's not some fat load in a panda costume eating bamboo. No, that's definitely a real panda. Doubt it. This is a wild piece of information to hit my timeline, though, with the conversation we had just a few weeks ago. Yeah, it's always weird. The crazy guy always has some sort of truth, doesn't he? There's always just that sliver of truth with the crazy guy. How'd they get caught? They started barking. I think somebody that knows animals, yeah. I think somebody that knows animals was like, wait a minute. They're pouring Purina in their food bowl out there and the zoo goers saw that maybe. Pandas eat dog food that could eat anything because they're not fucking real they only eat bamboo there has to be real pandas out there says who boom these are not real pandas me and my squad hey i don't know we can't be sure the bloodhound gang i mean maybe it's a different type of bloodline yeah that not a panda. That's not a panda group of pandas. No, no, no. Nobody's confused about that. I think there are people probably confused because there's at least 50 zoos across the country wheeling those four fuckers out and saying, hey, look at our pandas. It was interesting that there was a piece of news that I think made the national news that said, yeah, there's going to be no more pandas in America's zoos because China's taking them all back. I was like, that was wild to hear. I didn't even know that was even possible. So we're just leasing pandas? Yeah, when? Like 1600s or like 1750 or 1850? Yeah, they had zoos in the 1600s. Yeah, well, back then, who knows what they had. I know what they didn't have. What's that? Fucking pandas. Because they started in 1920. Okay, so, obviously... Those two are real. The front one is real. Yeah, I would agree. No, the ones on the right. Which ones? Connor. The ones on the right. The one on the left is wearing a... They put a backpack on that one. That's impressive. They can train him to wear a backpack. How about the one wearing an actual bucket on his head. Like a paint bucket. Bottom right. I think it's the same one. Bottom left. Bottom right, yep. Those right ones are pandas, though. Yeah. Say two. Say two. So what are they doing here? They're herding them? They think they're going to dress up like this and herd them somewhere? No, they're training them because they're lab animals. They're not real. They have to show them what need to do oh you so your your take is that they're made in a lab there's a chance i think that's one of the many possibilities with these things so it's still a real animal yeah it's i don't know if we make a human in the lab is it a real human wow now we're opening up a whole different can of worms speaking of like labs and shit are we going to another planet soon why are they saying publicly about multi-planetary existence they're already up there. Elon's been saying that for a while, though. Yeah, you see when we post, what is it, whatever on X, like from Earth. Interplanetary or whatever. Yeah, but I need like a projection, and I'm not talking about like one of these fucking internet installation. We've got to be there from 10 to 6 p.m. We might fall. I need a projection of when we're planning on being in another planet. 500 years. 2095. No way. That's not that far. That's not far at all. You're not going to make it. Maybe. That'd be sweet. A couple centuries. I'm not going to make it. Maybe one century. That sucks. Yeah. I said before 2050. 2050? Before. Is this your secret? Really? This is It's just me. I mean, that's not crazy just because if AI continues to change by 2030, AI is where it's supposed to be, then they probably could figure out a way for us to get up there soon. So what happens when 3D printer and AI come together? Oh, boy. Nuclear war. You ever seen Terminator? No, because 3D printer was just making everything, right? There's making everything. So when the AI puts its mind to rocket ships or mass production of sawzalls that ain't happening these ais no these ais are good and if they get mean we unplug them we've already talked about this yeah right i don't think we can slow the spread it's too late now that's why that google the guy who invented the google ai was like yeah it's gone too far i gotta get out yeah it does feel like all the people that are around it say too much is happening too quickly. It's terrifying. I mean, in 2016, Elon went to Congress. He was like, hey, everyone needs to stop using AI now for the next year. Yeah, 2016 he did this. Yeah, well, he's got Grok on X. Oh, yeah. No, yeah. Pot calling the kettle black. Grok. He could have done something. Well, Grok made for scissors, and for me, I have not used Grok or the metal one. Me neither. I'm scared to type anything in there. I haven't searched anything on Instagram. Also, you see the AI papers it writes. It's a moron. It's got the brain of a fourth grader. And that Lil Yachty video, that's the worst editing I've seen out of anything. When they're putting people's faces on that Lil Yachty on the stage video. It's like, AI's whack, dude. They're bad at what they do. Give it two years. O's the mentalist can predict all the pics. Can fucking AI do that? Kenny, what did O's predict on Saturday night for the Bruins Maple Leafs. Yeah, he knew we were getting too close to realizing what he was. A dumb fuck. He didn't know that. You're saying O's is a dumb fuck? I am after Saturday night. Yeah, right. Did you not see what O's did right to your face? I saw it. He literally did it to you. I saw him ruin my shirt too. Well, I would say sacrifice it, charge it to the game. That was a great pick. That was a great thing that O's did. Yeah, it was incredible. He did say Maple Leafs in overtime. When it got to overtime, you thought to yourself, fuck this. I mean, I told you on Friday. On Friday night, I said, like, yeah, for shoot, I think this is going to be a problem. And the Boston Bruins now burying the Panthers 5-1. We've got a couple hockey games tonight, a couple NBA games tonight. We We obviously love anytime anything happens in the football world, which is why we showed AR earlier, Xavier Worthy. We saw Joey Burrow. I don't know if you guys saw. In Tokyo, Japan, America reigns supreme. Their sport, our guys. We win, you lose. CJ Stroud, Micah Parsons taking a global world tour. Don't know if this was done before or if it's happening now. I have no idea. CJ Stroud, Micah, nice taking a global world tour. Don't know if this was done before or if it's happening now. I have no idea. CJ Stroud, Micah, nice little tag team. Yeah, boy. In the media and content world, I'm enjoying it. They go to Tokyo, end up at a sumo wrestling dojo, I do believe. And as Micah and CJ are shirtless in a room with no windows, with a couple sumo wrestlers wearing sumo diapers diapers there's a little bit of a joust to stand off there 17 year old sumo wrestler kind of gets micah then cj and sumo wrestler talk shit and micah's always a little baby he's a little baby and micah goes oh is that right okay okay excuse me let's run it back he says let's do one more and he said i'm working legs every single day i can't be getting embarrassed in a basement of a japanese place doing sumo wrestling. And all of a sudden, a man with no clothes except for a diaper gets... We needed that. Now, it's a 17-year-old, allegedly. And obviously, Micah is one of the strongest, most explosive people we got in the United States of America. So we certainly have that chatter. But I like to see the bounce back. I like to see the bounce back out of Micah right there in Tokyo. That was big for us, AJ. That was big for us. That was big. Did CJ get in there at all and mix it up with him? He was shirtless. I saw him lined up across from Micah. I don't know if they went at it. I mean, he is the guy. That 17-year-old, I would like to see him in trenches. We need more sumo wrestlers as offensive linemen, is what I saw. Been thinking that a long time. They're so big, so flexible, so athletic. No leverage. You can't bull rush them. You can't bull rush those guys. And no leverage. Like, that's literally the game, they can grab onto. Literally nothing except for the, I don't know what it's called. It looks like a diaper. I apologize. That is what it looks like. It is called something else. So imagine if they were able to use their hands, a little jersey inside, a little snog, a little grab. That could 17 a little. The second one here where Micah ends up winning or whatever, but if we're just talking his feet in the ground, and he anchored and held them there. I might want an entire old lineman of just sumo wrestlers. Oh, yeah. If he had cleats on, too, he wouldn't slide at all like that. It's called a mawishi, the kit that is being wore there by the guy with the cheeks up. That's just good knee drive. Yeah, it passes balls out. He got up under that mawishi? Yeah, that mawishi. And if he needs cheeks out to play in the NFL, we can cut some assless chaps out. Well, I think it's already happening with some of the uniforms, right? Yeah. Chris Angel, his were. Yeah, his were chaps, yeah. I was talking about actual uniforms or a see-through there for a bit, but you were talking about Chris Angel wearing football pants did something magical with Las Vegas. That's right. Bingo. Yeah, a lot of magical pants happening. Congrats to Michael getting a big time award. Yeah. And represent. He's representing. Came back. I saw sports. Go ahead. No, you know, like, I watched, there's a documentary on those guys. Don't they all go live together, sumo wrestlers, and they eat like 15 billion calories a day? And that is their life once you become a sumo wrestler that doc was pretty far back i don't say like i think i've watched a similar long time ago yeah and they talk about it's like a whole and they're they're very flexible and it's like those guys are looked at as like gods over there aren't they when you're like a stud sumo wrestler i think professional wrestlers also viewed sumo wrestler obviously heralded but their life is like very much adding weight joints obviously not exactly the happiest and then the flexibility they kind of i don't want to say if stop me if i'm wrong but i do remember i think they're like ripping hamstrings almost to make them more flexible right weren't they like getting was that the same documentary i don't remember if they did or not but i saw something on it they're like all incredibly flexible that's not like insane it would be great hips right yeah really good. Has anyone tried to do it yet? Has anyone tried to sign some young sumo wrestler? Shane Falco had a sumo wrestler on his offensive line. Correct. He was really good. He ate a bunch of raw eggs before the game. Hard-boiled. That's right. Shane Falco's a great leader, too. I think that's what people say. He'dubs barnacles off the bottom. Still has them in his shoes. Yeah, and Nigel will come out there and say, I got boys. Don't you worry. That was very nice of him to do that. Got a lot of rugby players, basketball players. Feels like sumo wrestlers might be a good idea. The Patriots had a wrestler, Neal. Hogan? No, last name Steven Neal, maybe. But he came in and was a very, very good guard for a long time. What kind of wrestler? I don't know. Like a W.R.D. Like a high school wrestler. Oh, you mean like Zach Frazier, four-time state champion? West Virginia Mountaineer? Oh, you're talking about like Tristan Wirfs. Linderbaum. They all work out, don't they? Good leverage. I'm sure there's some high school wrestlers that turned into offensive linemen that didn't end up being all pros. Not that I've heard about. Me neither. He had no football background. The leverage thing is just like the game pretty much for offensive linemen. And then you've got to have the power and the quickness and the athleticism. Smarts. Smarts. You've got to be very smart. Speaking of smart, you know, it's smart to pay people back who uh spend their time with you even though they shouldn't you know sure and for this particular conversation it's people that watch this show bad decisions are made numbers came in uh for april got a chance to go through those stats i believe will be uh potentially put in somebody a lot of people watching it's uh don't make a lot of sense you know we're all mightily confused by it all but we do appreciate it and uh we try to give back every once in a while with some giveaways. You know what I mean, AJ? Some giveaways? I'd say more than every once in a while, but yeah. Yeah, we've done a lot of giveaways throughout our existence here as a program, and I think we should continue that, but we need to give away things that are special. Yeah. Like, for instance, Con Man offered up yesterday in our Travelers from Hartford, Connecticut, which is way up there, two hours. Yeah, far. It's fucking way up there. Worst dates on the East Coast. I had in mind the people. I thought the people were very nice. Shot the lorry on it, a cop up there. They had a great hat on, good fit. It was a guy, great. I mean, good people. Great people up there. But Connor on the trip said, you know, maybe some of these shirts I wear I give away. I'm like, oh, then we can sign them. Boom. No better day than today to get a racist turtle out of the office. Oh, this one is not up on the board. Unfortunately. But there are a couple on the board right now. I thought you literally said, yeah, this shirt, especially racist turtle day. You know what I mean? Well, I don't want to spread racist turtles around. At least I am aware of it enough that I can now spread the word. Sea turtles feel like they're pretty like kumbaya. I mean, Finding Nemo kind of threw us all for a loop. I don't know if those weren't sea turtles. No. Sea turtles might, you know, they mingle amongst all types of shit. Yeah, and where they, everywhere they go. Yeah, you're right. So see, what is that turtle there? Is that a tortoise? Could be a tortoise. Snapping turtle? Yeah, just a snapping turtle. Your normal pond turtle. It looks like a pond turtle to me. So tortoise, is a tortoise a turtle? Yeah. Just different names? Yeah, kind of like hare and rabbit, right? Yeah. Okay. It's a formal it's a more of a formal name so that's a racist horse old school so yeah so if you run one over in your car you don't have to feel bad like at all no not at all because there's a chance that that particular turtle is the most racist thing walking around earth yeah good shit yeah like did you see? In 2024, I guess there's probably a racist somewhere in the United States as soon as he sees a black person. Immediate anger, headbutts a wall. Yeah, we saw that guy was on the plane. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, we have. So there's a couple of those. Are all turtles immediately upon seeing black just headbutting what's right in front of them and doing that, they might be the most racist. There's a chance. I didn't know they were that explosive. Very explosive. They got some quick twitch in there, yeah. Got to do some research. It must go all the way back to World War II. I bet the Nazis were breeding these things. Racist. They're probably right. Because nobody's going to care because they move so slow. They don't think they're really a problem. They'll never see landmines on their back and just let them go into a trench and then boom. Several casualties. Underneath that shell? The shell's good. Turtle's okay. Because it's got a shell. Yeah, maybe. Or they're completely okay with that thing getting blown into 500 million pieces. Okay. Put it under the shell so it's hidden. Oh, guys guys get some lettuce. World War II has been talked about a few times here the last couple days. Love WWII. We're coming up on the anniversary of D-Day. Hell yeah. World could have been very different. I don't know if we talk about it enough, but our world is going to be different because this particular giveaway is going to be of an autographed animal shirt from Boston Connors. Wow. Here we go. Darius, you will be the one that will have to do the winning for the folks. What are you going to do for the giveaway, you think, Darius? Let's shoot a basketball from the stage. Okay. Right here? Yeah, middle. Wow. Okay, poshie. Autographed animal t-shirt. This is a big May giveaway. Huge. Huge May. This is a big. What'd you say? He doesn't want to give away his shirt No, right there, yeah He's going to wash it? I just did Hold on a second, Darius This will be the first time we fully autograph an animal shirt Yeah This is a big deal Can you shoot that jacket? It's the biggest one Yeah, you got a really cool jacket on Is that going to be okay? My home's unbuttoned his I don't know if you need to. How about your watch? I'm going to watch. Oh, yeah. Super cool. Because you were down there in Miami in front of that Indy car. Yep. You had your watch on your right hand. Doing the chador. Yeah, you look so cool. You look so cool. You look even cooler if you're able to win one of these autographed T-shirts. What if people say that's a little bit of a downgrade from like 20 people winning 500 bucks is a one-on-one opportunity. Really? Because you can't put a cash value on that. No, you can't. This thing's custom. Boom. It's going on a wall somewhere forever. That's who we're hoping will win this. I do. There's a chance somebody gets it done and just lights it on fire. And that's cool, too. All right. Let's see if that's the opportunity or let's Butler for a one of one. Oh. You're right on line. Take one step forward. Same shot. If someone were to light that shirt on fire or anything of, you know, incredible value to some people, I think they should be... Okay. Alright. Yep. Agreed. What are you trying to get at? USA. USA. There's Jay Butler. Knocks it. Good line again. It's the jacket, brother. He might not be able to have enough power with the jacket. Sweet shoes. He's got cool shoes on, too. Ladies and gentlemen, the very cool-looking Darius J. Butler can bury this ball into that hoop. You might win a one-of-one. Last. Shit. What the hell? Okay. All right. What's going on? Get the gauge. Just gauging it. Ladies and gentlemen, Darius J. Butler is a guy who lives down in South Florida. He's a nine-year NFL vet. He's got a massive brain. He also has a great jumper. Oh, filthy. If he's able to bury this particular shot from the stage, one person will win a fully autographed animal t-shirt right out of Conor's closet. Ladies and gentlemen, D-Butt for the... Oh, fuzzball, fuzzball, fuzzball. Wow. Watch the lava, you're good. That one's going to be tough. That one's going to be tough to recreate. That was a hell of a shot. Ladies and gentlemen, all D-Butt has to do is bury a shot into that hoop right over there, and we'll have a winner. But as we're talking about a football player, burying a jumper potentially quicker than Tyrese Halliburton was able to do it from the stage, Randy Moss has responded to an NBA Central. I can take 30 players right now in the NBA and throw them in the NFL. You cannot take 30 NFL players and put them in the NBA, said Austin Rivers on this particular show. Randy Moss, who, yep, both probably. Yeah. Anything you wanted to do. Says, wow, is that right? Is that right? I like this. This is kind of happening. Because we're going to learn a lot about the spectacular athleticism of everybody in this particular case. That NBA Central tweet is doing numbers. Oh, is it? Yeah. Quite the conversation going on on the internet right now, bud. Love it. There's 1,100 retweets or quote tweets. I don't know. I can't tell which one's quote or retweet. We would like to let Randy Moss know. Hell yeah, Randy. You're the perfect person to join this conversation. Great job the other night on the roast. Not a lot of people talk about Randy because I think everybody loves Randy. Exactly. It's cool. You done good, Randy. You done good. And also, yeah, if he wanted to. Him and Jay Will in high school were basically playing NBA basketball anyways. Now for the good of the NFL, Darius J. Butler, all you got to do is make one shot from the stage and somebody will win an autographed animal t-shirt out of Conner's closet, out of the safari, out of the zoo. That would have been the one. Sorry, people. Son of a bitch. Sorry, people. Apologize to the NFL. Back again. You missed another shot from him. He did it again. So are paper straws canceled now because of all this news? Paper straws are, yeah, plastic's back. Sorry, Randy. I let you down, Randy. No. No, no, no. No. Not Randy. The turtles. You were worried about a turtle jumping on stage. To be fair. Yeah, PTSD from the entire show. You got like two of them. Four turtles in my parade. Should I turn around so D-Buck can shoot it without a bunch of possibly racist turtles looking at us? We decided I think the sea turtles aren't the racist ones. Yeah, they're racist. No, no. Just making sure. We don't know. We can't be sure. We can't be sure. I saw some video of them attacking killer whales, like the top of them, but then Yeah. Because they were white down there. Sea turtles are doing that? Yeah. I've just seen like two or three clips of that. So I can't say all of them, but I could say at least 90% probably. Speaking of the killer whales, you see that video of them four wide swimming to build a wave? Oh, yeah. To knock the fucking, whatchamacallit, off the glacier? Yeah, they're smart. The seal? Holy shit. When they're like hunting. Orchestrated attacks. Called killer whales for a reason. So smart. So they just dip shit up here. Just laying around. Okay, that's smart. When did they figure out? Alright, we can just walk in. Scary. That's scary that they figured that out. If I do this, you see what happens up there? Are we thinking the same thing? How about you fucking team up here? You see that shit? Wow. Who gets to eat it, though? Do they split it? Yeah, they just rip it to shreds and grab the scraps. Yeah, it's chump. Okay. Here they are. Three of them. See ya. Oh, that guy's got no chance. Well, thank you for coming. Look at them building that wave. Goodness. Just genius. Just fucking genius. Oh, they think they're so smart they can hide. Okay. Mm-hmm. We'll see. Where are you hiding? Oh, snoozing, huh? Playing. Welcome to the Thunderdome! Hello. Hello. Yep, it's up here. It's up here. We're coming for you! Danger's fucked. That's Lolita. nature's fucked that's all yeah well recipes that's what happened they were up boats for a little oh yeah yeah attacking them yeah good on you they're smart you gotta you gotta paint your boat white obviously well that's for turtles we don't know about killer whales they were probably right we can't i can't i can't make any allegations towards at this point what what do we know about any of these animals i I look at them all differently now. That turtle was alarming, wasn't it? It's the violence at which they ram. I didn't know turtles could even ram their head like that. And then it stops immediately. That's the other thing. They have a natural cowboy color. That's why they wear it. We also got to check in on that turtle's owner. Let's see what type of flags that guy's waving in his yard. That's very well said. Just because who knows the type of environment this guy's growing up in. You're right. Or girl. It's true. Doesn't make a difference. No, it doesn't. It's still terrible. I know what you're saying. Trained it. Trained it. Get in there. That would have been good for the NBA NFL thing. I really wanted it to fall. I did. We're out of here. Hey, good shooting. That boy, D-Buck. D-Buck. D-Buck. Keep shooting. Especially at Turtles. Hey, great work today, boys. Hey, good work. You too. Tone, great work, pup. Thanks, brother. What are you gambling on for Hammer? Die! Tonight we got a little bit of MLB, and then NBA and NHL players kind of been carrying it. I heard Shohei's hitting bombs. He is hitting bombs. He's playing very well. Yeah. This is going to be a big Derek White game tonight. When hasn't it been a Derek White game That's the Boston Celtics weapon. Yeah, especially against a Cavs team like this. All right, well, I can't wait to overreact to all of it tomorrow. Boys in the back, great work, great work. Hey, boys. AJ, way to go, pal. All right, let's get the hell out of here. We'll be back tomorrow. Thank you so much for allowing us to do this, for living. You're the greatest people on earth. Be a friend. But they only got only one per one per. That's all you need. Just get in there. Quick shower for your ass. One and done. That's right. Isn't that nice? The best. Like you're taking a bath, but just for your ass. Splish splash. Dude wipes. Boom. It's awesome. Wipe it up. I'm not. It's a great. Print it on the box. Print it on the box. It's like taking a bath just for your ass. Dude wipes. I mean. Makes sense too if you think about it. Oh yeah. And that's exactly what it is. You're just kind of getting in there and you're just kind of cleaning the ass out real good. As if you take a shower. Thank you dude wipes. The road to TST continues with Dude Wipes. Look for the next clip of me doing something soccer related. That will not have all of my terribleness in it, but some will certainly make an appearance. Because Coach Gumpy's coaching me up. Thank you, Coach. Good times out there. Good to be back on the pitch. It is nice. Coach Gumpy, you know, get me ready for Coach Tony Miola, the Concava team down there. We got the Reggae Rovers first, and then we got the Natty SC team. They're fucked. And then the next day we got Burnley FC, which is bad news because it's a good chance I'm probably not going to be playing in that Burnley game. Okay. That's going to be the third game. Yeah, save the legs for that one. Yeah, unless we're load managing the first two games. I don't know if I'm going to make it to that third game with Burnley. But we got a big one down there June 5th, June 6th, June 7th. And if you win the whole weekend, Dan, we're planning on doing that with Concava. The boys are hunting a Millie. Yeah. Amen. We're in this thing together. Team on me. Team on three. One, two, three. Team. Thank you.